When is the logic test. cheating is not just physical if you re hiding stuff lying about things deleting conversations etc you re already there it s all very hurtful and damaging don t be with someone if you feel the need to do those things leave the situation before it gets that far Now that I got your attention can one of you ladies PLEASE suck my balls just a little bit. I know the material is boring I m sorry I can t make it fun Sergiy Kryatov. The Rippingtons for Spring Fling. Bring back Excessively Overdressed Quad Stroll. Tufts is full of white knights and it pisses me off If you care about a problem just work towards making it better not make sure I know how much time and effort you re putting in to it. I stole a mac charger that was left in a classroom once. okay but can y all sneeze and cough into your arm like you were taught to i don t know how half the students here were brought up but holy fuck it is not that hard to not spread your diseased germs ya nasties. If Tufts were a real school it d have a hour library. Remember like a month ago when the admin withdrawal and drop deadlines way up and justified it in the announcement by arguing it would reduce stress Funniest shit ever Like one troll to another you gotta respect the craft on that one hats off. Hodgdon s breakfast sandwiches are like the best food deal on campus by far. ok but who s that cute tems guy tho. what s with all these acts of discrimination and fucking arson this semester. I have had SO MANY rejections this year that I have almost become numb Like all the countless internships job applications and the VAST number of NOs and a failing relationship and literally every other thing Makes me sad but is that really life How do I cope with this Every time I try to calm myself and think of the YES and affirmations and another rejection ball hits me hard It s like the world is conspiring to put me down. I m in a long distance relationship and fuck Like the relationships great I love my girlfriend to death I just miss sex so much Like fuck I m not looking for advice or anything I just needed the world to know If you re significant other is on campus go fuck yourself lovingly of course. I liked the Emoji Movie. Just you wait Come Sunday I will find you And I will flick you like nobody has ever flicked you before. I don t go to the gym because if I did I would become too powerful. Still waiting for s Nickelodeon to be old enough to get the nostalgia treatment s Nick is getting now Leader Dog and Mr Meaty were. Can some people with pensises confirm or deny that y all get partially hard up to times a day Wild if true. so did that guy in wren ever find a girlfriend or what. In any type of ship i e relationship friendship acquaintanceship companionship etc Transparency and communication are key Can t be out here tryna read your mind and feelings I m not Celine Dion. It is I who took the cookies from the cookie jar. Petition for the CC to stay open until am again. I hate when ppl are screaming outside at the top of their lungs at night I get panic attacks thinking someone is getting killed or attacked It literally puts me on edge for hours and thats precisely why I leave campus every weekend to go back to my parents just so I don t hear a bunch of dumb ass drunk freshmen screaming. I like pie. do u put milk in omelette. I need glasses shot glasses. Is social life still possible if you hate parties take five hard class that gives endless essays and spend most to your free time working I m an extrovert trapped into the life of an introvert and I don t know what to do. People ignore my messages and I don t know of they re just busy or they don t like me. I think Karl Rove is a piece of shit What I m most disappointed about is that at a school like tufts people on campus would rather shit on each other than talk out their disagreements. You ever think how screwed someone would be if their phone broke was lost or stolen because of duo login Like oh sorry can t do my homework because I can t duo login Can t email my professor because duo login. Davis Square is named after Jefferson Davis why aren t ppl talking about this. If you had a good time just TeXt HeR aLrEaDy Literally nobody cares about having to wait three days or that kind of garbage Even if you just want a hookup she might be down for that but you won t know until you ask. I really hit it off with a girl at the end of last semester We hooked up after a party and hung out once or twice after that She had just gone through a break up but was obviously still in love with her ex I think she said they dated for over a year She texted me once or twice early on in the summer in a friendly way but I haven t More seen or heard from her since I think about her all the time but I think she might have gotten back with her ex Should I reach out to her I really don t want to complicate things for her because she opened up to me about her mental health and I don t want to stress her out She s beautiful and funny and I want to be around her but if she s back with her boyfriend I don t think I can be just her friend Any advice. What s a good place to get laser hair removal in Boston Pls let me know. I ve been checking for my pulse for five fucking minutes and my eye is starting to hurt Send help. oh holy fuck i m a senior pls help me and i pray i secure a job before i graduate. Most of my friends went abroad this year so if anyone s looking for a new friend. CDAs don t receive free housing as payment for the work they do Most if not all CDAs are on duty between and full weekend days this semester meaning they can t work weekend jobs off campus Most CDAs are assigned between and residents Their work only comes out to about per hour FairPayForCDAs. I m a little disappointed in the Tufts student body following the disruptions at the Karl Rove event Did conservative students protest Sotomayor Al Gore or Beto The few times that we do get conservative speakers to come some progressive asshole has to ruin all the fun. I m lactose intolerant but I still vore dewick ice cream with the speed of a thousand hyenas at full sprint. The first time I heard the term give head I thought it meant sharing your opinion because you re putting your head in the conversation. I have a big crush on Tyler Tatro but would never tell him in person. It took me years to learn that Hillsides and Hill Hall are two different dorms What s next Carm and Dewick are two different dining halls Fuck this shit. I am waiting for the day for someone to join me in looking out into the dead of the night while listening to Debussy s Et la lune descend sur le temple qui fut experiencing the pain and beauty altogether in sublime repose http www youtube com watch v L SRue gt amp t m s. There should be a day brightener brigade club Like where folks go around campus doing fun and ridiculous shit to brighten the days of passersby. I m into crystals astrology Law of Attraction positive energy and smoking skepticbros in science exams. Yo bos any ideas on how to get cheap free latex free condoms when you live off campus Jumbo condom circus only delivers to residence halls and all of the baskets in health services have latex. Chillhop is just smooth jazz for millennials. Tufts is trying so hard with their two factor authentic action but the real weak spot is us accidentally titling our print requests with our passwords because of muscle memory. I want Eric Metaj to father my children. how the fuck do you set up a google home on tufts wifi please i need my robot. For people living behind the gym whats the best way to get to college ave Tufts really screwed us over with construction around halligan. Lead with the inner knowing that you re already at In N Out even if you re on the East Coast. I joined the Pen club by spelling out Pen XV Knew taking Latin was a good idea. Once in high school someone on JV football was making fun of me for my Dragonball Z shirt but little did he know a varsity captain was in the hall too and loudly said to me brah you like anime too Spicey nicey My favorite is Gurren Lagann Then other jocks chimed in talking about their favorites Cowboy Bebop Fruits Cup Yakitate Japan And so began my school s anime club. What on earth is a rattata. Equal pay for CDAs. Welcome to College Football Saturday. I just started reading Eckhart Tolle and Krishnamurti and found them to be so powerful Does anyone else read these works and would be interested in a discussion group. I m jealous of the people who meditate and actually get somewhere with it like go to Dewick all blissed out and they look Instagrammable if they meditate on the beach. It really is so easy to bait y all into tagging a bunch of groups huh. Welcome to College Football Saturday. I m a Tufts senior and I don t know how to walk to Davis. How is Anna Hardman as a Professor. Y all ever fingering your girl and start playing with her pubes But then suddenly get the urge to yank them So I did and this bitch smack my big head like bitch damn I m just helping you out giving u a free Brazilian wax Ungrateful girl. I m about to enter my junior year and I still feel extremely lonely I only have like one or two close friends who I occasionally hang out with and a bunch of friendly acquaintances I see around but I m lacking that core friend group you know you can rely on The past two years I ve been actively involved in a bunch of clubs on campus More to meet new people but nothing seems to go past the friendly say hi when you walk past each other stage I know being social is an effort you really have to make yourself and I try my best to but what seems to come so naturally to most people seems impossible for me Hell I ve been on a whole lot more casual romantic dates with random people More. My Rattata is in the top percentage of Rattatas. Whats the hookup scene like. I still enjoy getting buried in the sand at the beach. This page is alive Very cool. When I saw the Enzyte commercials I thought it was just a pill for making men more confident. If you can read this you might enjoy the public library. Smh at my friends calling the rat who can cook Ratatoing That s the movie s title the rat s name is Marcell Toing. Dwarven Vow justice and love will always win. FOMO is fear of moosing out I d be nervous if I started growing antlers too. Freshman advice Always walk in groups of to take up the whole sidewalk. Sometimes I like to cover myself in packing peanuts and pretend I m a cauliflower. Whoever runs this page now sucks please consider giving it to someone else Where s the dedication. Ring A Ding from Super Smash Bros Ultimate should win Song of the Year at the Grammys Never has there been a song that managed to be an absolute banger in both a fashion game AND a fighter game. I dream of a fashion magazine at eye level in many grocery store checkout lines greeting shoppers not with headlines like weight loss tricks to get your summer body but rather with self love tricks to love and celebrate the bodies we are blessed by the Universe with. if you complain about hair or anything when going down on someone with a vag youre a fascist. thick wig pink ass give em meningitis. Attention Jumbos Testicles That is all. Office bathrooms really need NOT A PHONE BOOTH signs I don t need to hear about your business deals while I m on the toilotto. Holy poop I can t wait for fall and going out of my way to step on that crunchy looking leaf. Subway trains are just really fast sausages with doors. I ve heard that Vanessa Ziggy would suck a Klondike bar for a dick. Just a message from me to you wishing you a fantastic school year Also there s a chance that Jeffery Epstein was murdered. I ve been sitting on a message intended for the person I like for about a week now I ve revised it a couple of times which has been great and productive but I can never bring myself to actually send it. I ve heard that Vanessa Ziggy would suck a dick for a Klondike Bar. Is Sarah Poling single. The amount of hyper intelligent people I ve met here is insane It s great to know that our future is held by them rather than slobs like me. Is it bad I kinda want spring fling to be cancelled so I can study for finals without FOMO. Old McDonald had a farm I give him a titty tryna keep him calm. Am i the only one worried that everyones going to be sliding down the wet grass hill when it rains for spring fling. Got milk bitch Got beef Got steak hoe Got cheese Grade A hoe NOT LEAN. Bitch I m too smooth I m not in the mood TRYNA MAKE MOVES. does anyone know when class registration starts I wanna get the best time. Where are all of the kinky tufts people I can never find you. Freshman Houston nd floor BUY SOME GODDAMN HEADPHONES nobody wants to hear your shit music when you walk down the street stop being an asshole Sincerely literally everybody who has ever walked by you. i just met this student who is horribly obsessed with polishing their resume and worried about what other people are doing like goddamn stay off of those fucking online pre professional forums and learn to do things you like for once Geez these folks are the most annoying amongst college students. I m a pretty open person Like I trust my friends with some pretty deep shit and I like that I can trust them But for some freaking reason the one thing that s impossible to talk about to anyone is that I have an eating disorder Even just saying it here is terrifying. don t cancel spring fling for the weather we will day drink in the rain. I wanna fuck my way through a full men s sports team. since taking comp ive tried to adopt the column rule into all aspects of my life. hows the architectural studies program I m interested but I want to know what other students think first. PUT MORE POC IN TDC. Love is a parasite Don t let yourself fall prey to it It feels like I m constantly on the verge of vomiting but its just stuck in the back of my throat I wish I could just be a happy dancey flower girl but instead Im a bitter withered old crone who destroys everything that could potentially make me happy Moreover Im so sick of being the person that people look at and ask oh my god are you ok. Bitch I m a cow I m not a cat I don t say meow. Ugh I hate not knowing what I m doing with my life Like I m about to graduate and I just wish I had my shit more together I feel behind you know And I ve been told that I need to just take things at my own pace and stop caring about what others think of me but it s so much easier said than done Like I just can t stop thinking about what other people think of me and it sucks. To the mysterious cummer who left ejaculate on the floor of my dorm s shower you suck. God bless the AIDS fellow people who hang condoms on their doors I don t know what I would ve done without you people. Prof Taliaferro just likes to hear himself talk but its ok because I like to hear him talk too. so is tufts secrets officially dead its been like almost months since the last posting. To the guy playing guitar on the prez lawn today Saturday your voice is so good and your style of playing brought such a relaxing presence to that corner of the lawn Also I loved the songs you were playing glad to know I m not the only country fan on this campus Please continue sharing your talent to the world. Huge fuck you to whoever set off the fire alarm while I was having sex in Haskell it was my first time and I was just about to nutt. the tcu president is hot. Trump s a racist lowest Black unemployment in history. I started crying in Halligan in front of TAs classmates and Grad students because I felt so stressed and lost Everybody acted like they saw nothing I ran to the bathroom to cry there instead When I came back for my things to get the fuck outta Halligan people were still pretending not to have seen anything and just ignored me Like hey I get not knowing how to be helpful but holy shit y all I fucking hate being in CS. i chant little songs to myself using my trans friends chosen names when i m alone sometimes i feel like it gives them power even when they re not around to hear it. anyone out here trynna restart tufts kinks. Me I need to get caught up with my work this is getting ridiculous That overdue paper needs to be done this weekend Then I ll spend all my free time next week on the late reports I m in charge of my life it s time to pull things together. To the girl who paid for my chipotle when the staff couldn t process my jumbocash thank you I didn t get the chance to ask for your name which I immediately regret But I ll honor your kindness by covering someone else s meal the next time I goto Chipotle. I ve nearly screwed guys on campus and have had a pregnancy scare at least times. ice cream bread a match made in heaven. hi serious question if the dining workers strike then where do we eat. Would it be fucked up to call campus police on people that refuse to leash their dogs Like I m terrified of dogs as it is and having a bunch of them unleashed on campus literally has me taking the longest walks to class and I m always late because of them It s just not okay to have unleashed dogs they could frighten both leashed dogs and humans like me that are really scared of dogs. BillyJoelforSpringFling. MTC by S RL is a great song you should all listen to it. To the chick that was just working out at the gym with her butt in my face by the Matt s what s up. TFW the villain of luke cage season is a Jamaican man whose special powers comes from smoking herbs hmmmmmm. Thought about getting back with my ex but it turns out I was just horny. Unless you are going to the gym leggings are not pants Period. How do people date Or show interest I m so curious like aren t you embarrassed Don t you get scared I ve had a million tiny crushes where I see someone and I m like wow I d like to know them better but then reality hits and I m like aaah thats kinda creepy I shouldn t approach this person or else itll make them uncomfortable then More any feelings immediately evaporate And what happens when you date Like in real life On TV shows and movies there usually isn t much shown besides unrealistic dialogue full of quips and perhaps a kiss or two What do you do when you date someone Do you just hold hands Are they just like best friends with a little more physical intimacy Aaaah im so curious but im scared of asking people. Kristen Mathew is arguably one of the most beautiful girls on campus. Diallo Diallo Shot times RIP. I love listening to prof Taliaferro speak but get too distracted to actually listen to what he s saying He has such a nice radio voice It s the opposite with Ming. Some kids need to be left the fuck behind If you aren t able to meet the standards for a certain grade level you shouldn t get to move to the next because it would hurt your feelings if not These kids are seriously dumbing down our schools Instead of teaching to the lowest denominator we need to teach to the highest and actually challenge children to learn. Stop giving breast cancer all the attention There are so many more diseases and causes that more richly deserve the funding and attention that breast cancer steals from them Where is the attention and awareness for all the diseases that aren t curable For the conditions that make someone s life a living hell for the rest of their life More I don t wish cancer of any kind on anyone but it only has two endings you live or you die There isn t you suffer from the pain and symptoms for years and there s barely anything we can do to help you live a meaningful life Give the attention and awareness to the diseases that do require people to live in a limbo state of never being really healthy but never being really sick enough to warrant constant care. Pls post secrets I need something to procrastinate from my midterms and the realization that every day I m one day closer to my death. SOGO to the polls. What can you do when a SHU class is monopolizing hours or more of your time a week amp has excessive penalties when you can t finish things in time Like this is my last semester amp I m just trying to get out alive thought I was done with awful classes like this. ZBT is Oozma Kappa. Trunk gt Canvas. I m devastated Got my first A in one of my major classes last semester so I don t have a major GPA anymore I still think about it now and am devastated. Somewhere between and years from now there will be a nd American Civil War this time between full fledged socialists communists and full fledged fascists It will start with an attempted socialist revolution which will turn out sucky for most people and they will start violently suppressing resistance This will lead to even more More sucky and violent fascists rising up and leading the resistance starting the full scale civil war Millions of Americans especially those who just want to live their lives will be killed in this war and some will probably starve to death Other countries will give us payback by refusing to accept most American refugees and Mexico will build a More. Carm piano guy what is your problem Can you stop playing the piano and the sax at like am in the morning Other people live above and beneath you and would like to get some sleep. Tufts Left needs a me too moment. random thought every time i see an email from piazza i get hungry for pizza. Please someone explain to me how burlesque is not soft porn I got so horny after last year s show. Tennis player Martina Navratilova made a statement recently that trans women should not be allowed to compete in women s sports because its cheating As expected she received tons of backlash for the comments I agree with her and am sick and tired about how sensitive the LGBTQ community is Human rights is one thing but level playing More fields in athletic competitions is another thing entirely There s a reason why we have sex segregated and even age segregated sports Trans women have biological advantages over cis women it doesn t matter how long they ve been on hormones The muscle density and makeup is different and a trans woman on hormones still has higher testosterone levels than a cis female If I lost in track states to a trans woman I d be fuming Can you imagine if Lebron James decided to be trans and join the WNBA. Is it necessary to tell your professor if you re autistic How do you actually talk to them I feel like I keep making them upset but I can t tell if I m doing anything wrong or if they really are annoyed at me. Once witnessed a guy waiting at a table in the Rez for a friend to have coffee Without asking this girl sits down at the table but the guy s friend arrives literally seconds after her The guys try to tell her she can t sit there because they re having coffee and she DIDN T ASK if she could sit down but she wouldn t get up and the guys just have to leave So yeah fucking ask if you can sit down at a table if there s already someone there Can t believe this needs to be said. To the girl that came over to my small table in the SEC where I was working and sat down without asking and proceeded to move my stuff out of the way without asking when there were other places to sit literally why Who raised you What made you think this was okay. Ever since I started going to CMHS I haven t felt the urge to post here maybe you all should try it. For the first time in my entire life I m excited for the future. Will people stop making calls in dorm hallways at like midnight on speaker while screaming into their phone. Which frat has the wealthiest kids. Lewis Hall PSA. Can I selectively mute all Podium related posts please and thank you. Can I get a HOOOOYAAAAAAAH. Anyone who posts on either side of the fucking Canada Goose thing in this page is an idiot You re an idiot for ever thinking about it I m an idiot for posting about it now I swear to god please make it end even if that requires a communist revolution and expropriation and burning of every canada goose there is just make the discourse stop. PSA be aware of the Wookie that likes to leave a carpet of hair in the showers in Lewis Please at least try and rinse the hair away Chewbacca. My partner and I got really high and tried to feel all of each others teeth with our tongues successfully It brought us closer together I guess. Tufts students say they eat healthy but literally every Friday someone s ass explodes in the bathroom stalls. I know the admins and they eat ass. If I can have one super power it s gonna be not being able to smell my own perfume Like yeah I like its scent which is why I picked it but smelling it for hours every single day makes me nauseous. who are the single members of TEMS uniforms smokin hot. Shout out to Pokemon Go user ImASteamShovel for putting lures on literally every PokeStop on Tufts campus The hero we need not the one we deserve. Umoja. unity. Everything in life has a purpose Every decision you are made to make every person you are made to meet every moment in your day that you are made to live has some sort of purpose behind it These incidents either lead to another ultimately being part of a larger incident or they they are a lesson in themselves In life you never walk More straight forever Sooner or later the road ends and you need to take a turn Sometimes you go downhill sometimes you go uphill Sometimes you take the elevator up sometimes you take the stairs down Regardless of where you go you are destined to reach an end but along the way will be many obstacles Imagine stopping for a moment and spending More. You fall for someone and perhaps it s natural in one way or another to begin to chase what you want Similarly perhaps it s human nature to run away from what chases you I ve noticed time and time again that you eventually get used to the chase Don t get me wrong the chase is a beautiful thing in itself Going above and beyond for More someone to slowly show your affection finding new ways of making them feel special etc It s all part of the chase Moreover it feels just as good to be chased and to be made to feel special Everyone seeks that attention but it eventually gets toxic You begin to feel as if you re entitled to that attention and you want the attention without More. It ll be hard to let go it ll be hard to forget No one has claimed it ll be easy because it s never been that easy It s a struggle in its own to forget someone that became the center of your little world because the focus now has to shift back on to yourself You need to be the focus of your own world again and you need to remember More that to let go is to reclaim yourself as yours You don t belong to anyone else but you Every step you take towards making yourself whole again will fight you as if the universe is conspiring against you but it s not It s all in your mind Just like butterflies remind me of her and I wish I could burn every last one The smell of cigarettes will More. At times there are more questions than answers perhaps this is one of those times Do you remember who you were prior to the heartbreak Do you remember who you were in love Do you remember being a version of you that you can never see yourself being again It truly is one thing never having the same love again and to be honest that s More okay No matter how long it takes you overcome a person you let go you move on with your life accepting that they ll never be a part of it again No matter how long to takes you eventually accept that perhaps you are capable of loving someone again but your heart remains stained That mark someone else had left on you remains on you Your More. Does anyone know any good and or easy economics electives. Tag someone who you love living with and someone who s a horrible housemate but don t tell them which is which. With each passing year I regret coming here more and more It really sucks to have teachers who are here to do research first and teach second. The bunnies on campus never fail to brighten my day. Why do none of the vending machines on campus take my GODDAM JUMBOCASH. i signed up for some dating interview on https doodle com poll tht gackyi p z because i wanted the but now i think i m going to start crying if i have to talk about my dating life. Does it feel like the athletes and non athletes are segregated on this campus It sometimes feels like there s two separate groups of people at Tufts and I don t know any of them. Monday is the only day I do eat meat at Tufts. If there was a God I think he would be okay with me masturbating. If you love them then you ve got to set them free. sit down and respect the royal bengal tiger. At this point I don t even know how you are supposed to approach girls romantically so I m just sitting here and waiting for a miracle to happen. Job apps Ugh How do you convince someone else of your self worth when it s hard enough convincing yourself. Blueface spring fling. Can Tufts secret actually be on top of their posting schedule Like weekly pla. Why the fuck don t people close their mouths when chewing gum You look and sound like a goat chewing on a piece of trash. Valentine s Day is a great time to snort sweet bath salts with your lover while in the bath together. This is the first time I ve had a significant other for Valentine s Day and I have to say I don t totally get it Like the point is to celebrate the relationships but I do that every day we are so happy like I can t increase that for Valentine s Day It just feels like an excuse for people in unhealthy relationships to feel like they re actually making an effort for their partner because most days they don t. why doesnt moncler get the same hate as canada goose does when the jackets cost like x more expensive. I want Eric Metaj to be my daddy this valentine s. Kingsley Bowen you are a beautiful man. Saying hi to random people on the street is like saying I acknowledge your existence as a person We are both human species and that unites us. stop absolutely destroying the st floor carm bathrooms i don t know how it s physically possible for some of you to clog multiple toilets more than twice a week dear god please see a doctor it s horrifying. Y all ever notice Kryatov s shoes. My friends had I bet that I would get locked out of my dorm at least times this year Now I am sitting in my dorm s hallway waiting for my RA to unlock the door for the th time this year. I have a crush on Karen Richardson. I just sold pictures of my feet for. This will be the second Valentine s Day since I got cheated on and dumped after a four year seemingly long term relationship Long term as in we designed an engagement ring together had a solid plan for what we wanted to do post undergrad etc etc It was one of the worst experiences of my life learning that they cheated for some sex More since we were long distance and then having them end everything we had built up It led to a year of heightened anxiety panic insomnia drinking literally every night to cope and failing to accomplish some personal goals in classes and otherwise. I got drunk and called my ex we talked for an hour or so shit what do I do. I think Jennifer Best is probably the nicest person at Tufts. You just mad cause Post Malone get more bitches than you. I m always conflicted about whether I like someone or whether I m just into them because they showed the slightest bit of interest in me. liv is cute but she has a boyfriend. Just wanna say I m gonna go gay for Eric Metaj. I miss Julia Turner she should come back from abroad. can the girls on the rd floor of lewis sTOP WIPING THEIR PUBES ON THE FUCKING WALLS OF THE SHOWER yeah THANKS no wonder it s called dirty lew like r u kidding me y all nasty. Is Jess Wang single She s just a ray of sunshine. Hi can we go back to anonymously complimenting people that was cute thx. Assoboros The Ass That Eats Itself. I hate the time around Valentine s Day I feel so much more alone in terms of a lack of a significant other than I do during the rest of the year which is already pretty damn lonely My coping mechanism I just listen to songs about finding that perfect person being in a fun relationship etc Just something I can cry to and then I eat a metric dick ton of candy It s not healthy but it works lt Having amazing friends helps a lot too. I feel like the phrase you are valid and its iterations while good in intention are used so often and so universally that they kinda lose all meaning If I m trying to talk to someone about shit in my life and they just say you re valid I feel like they didn t take any time or effort to consider what I m talking about. Ashan Samarasinghe is God. Is Lisa Fantini single I m also an EE and I d love to know. I m still waiting for someone from the SMFA to teach an ex college class on finger painting. What s the delay I need something to off balance my sorrows with genuine laughs generated from reading the mild absurdities of Tufts Secrets posts. Imagine a world without Chegg. Why sleep when you can cry. Icebreakers be like if you were a communicable disease which would you be Me IDK The bubonic plague Help Get flea out of here. My blank expressions only serve to hide the emotions I feel whenever I see you If only you knew. Post Malone is the trashiest trash of all trash ever created I don t have anything against the man on a purely personal level he seems like an average white dude who likes to get high and listen to rap or drink beer and listen to country music I m just referring to his absolutely garbage pile of shit music which I cannot understand for More the life of me how anyone actually enjoys Seriously it s one thing when a guy like that makes a song on Youtube and it becomes kind of funny because you re making fun of him while you listen to it like Friday by Rebecca Black or says some funny shit so you listen to a mildly catchy song or two when he s this new guy You know like a Lil Pump More. hey tuftssecrets can you please refrain from never posting things ever I have a lot of work right now that I need to procrastinate from doing. Tufts University is home to some of the brightest students Yet some of these students still don t know how to flush the fucking toilet. Why do fools fall in love. I have a huge crush on Eric Metaj I hope he s vegan. Folks act like the US shouldn t have an immigration policy AT ALL Try to get citizenship in other countries and see how hard it is. A spectre is haunting Europe the spectre of communism All the powers of old Europe have entered into a holy alliance to exorcise this spectre Pope and Tsar Metternich and Guizot French Radicals and German police spies. I don t know why it s happening but I ve been having near constant panic and self hatred because of a stupid phobia that causes me anxiety just thinking about it It s been this way for several days Maybe if I type it here I will be able to sleep. You want to lead a successful college career Don t worry about other people and focus on your passions and studies You don t need to make friends be social or go to parties Just worry about yourself and your happiness Be comfortable That cute kid you wanna talk to Don t talk to them and you won t be able to get hurt or worse do things you don t want to That s the secret y all people in college are mean and lash out on others due to their own insecurities identity crisis. SEC and campus center faucets that I have to press to get two seconds of water out of piss me off so fucking much. But mostly I hate the way I don t hate you Not even close not even a little bit not even at all. Hologram of Scatman for Spring Fling. Can the people using the th floor Carm bathroom be a little more respectful aka stop shaving all over the sink counters and flush the toilet. Canada goose bad gt. You lay me down on a bed of nails Just to pierce a thousand veils Hands so numb didn t feel the shame Lonely souls they love the pain. In my eyes indisposed In disguises no one knows Hides the face lies the snake The sun in my disgrace Boiling heat summer stench Neath the black the sky looks dead Call my name through the cream And I ll hear you scream again. IH here I have a confession to make All the posts made about me were actually made by me in order to convince people I have mates I m actually really lonely and have no friends Please someone reach out to me because I m getting to the end of my tether and I need some companionship Thanks for listening and CE please marry me I think I love you. it costs dollars to turn your sound off while texting in class. I haven t been paying attention to what s going on with the dining hall workers and at this point I m too afraid to ask. How does a girl ask a guy out. Is the COMP grade curve as brutal as I fear it might be. I m a first year and I was so excited to get to Tufts but the lack of school spirit has really been bothering me I feel like all I hear is people complaining about Tufts making fun of Tufts and wallowing in self pity for not being at an Ivy League nobody is proud to be here i just wish I could meet some people who love Tufts and are happy here. Coming back from abroad has actually been super validating When I see people on campus for the first time in ages and they get excited and hug me and whatnot it lets me know that I actually was missed and that people like having me around I tend to get a sneaking fear that sometimes people don t want to hang out with me or I m intruding and this has just been a really affirming experience. To whoever threw up in the Lewis ground floor shower you are a maniac. I ve gone from having no friends and being alone all the time as a freshman to having lots of friends fun as a sophomore junior to having no friends again as a senior The circle of life man. I was just rejected from the fourth club I tried to join this year I never thought it would be so hard to simply get involved in something I care about and meet new people and I feel really unwanted and inadequate Has anyone dealt with this and or know of clubs that are actually inclusive and conducive to meeting new people. My eczema is driving me up the fucking wall Let me just scratch my skin off once and for all so I can live my life in peace. Shoutout to the Houston Hall bathrooms for giving me athlete s foot in my dick. One of my favorite feelings is when my friends invite me to something I m really sensitive about whether people really care about me and even a basic invitation to hang out or a minor compliment can make my day If you guys read this make sure to tell your friends something nice about them because it only takes a little bit of effort and can make someone s day a lot better. Who is in charge of the daily columns section and do they know whether or not we have another semester of the starving aesthete I m torn about whether we WANT another semester b c it s so so bad it s entertaining. Can I tag along this semester with y all who are always in the library D. Welcome back. I can t break the silence I m too shy. Why isn t there a Heard at Tufts page. Is Big Bang to Humankind hard. How hard is compsci discrete math Math. tar xzvf xtract zee vucking file. I ve been a vegetarian since before coming to Tufts and I find the people that solicit in front of dewick on mondays pretty annoying I don t contribute to their weird tally Surely there are better ways to help animal rights than soliciting exhausted college kids on a monday night many of whom probably eat way less meat than the average person already AND I know for fact many are encouraged to eat meat just to spite those annoying ass people. I m glad that as a community we ve spotted the threshold for unacceptable flaunting of wealth Before Canada Goose i was lost all I had to work off was ur Mac Book Pro vineyard vine coat and sushi delivery schedule now it s all clear Thank u Canada Goose my point is ur all a bunch of idiots. You d be hard pressed to find a single DTD tradition that isn t exclusively about jerking themselves off. why would tusc make spring fling on the sunday before the last week of classes this year when so many people will have work. Who digs Erroll Garner as much as I do. Guys dungeons and dragons is crazy fun I know it s got a bit of a reputation but honestly just get some friends together and try it if possible it is SO much fun and you get some great stories and quality time with your friends. I had sex in the all gender single shower room on the first floor of Lewis It was glorious Apologies. How hard is Big Bang to Humankind What are your protips for doing well when you suck at science. I wish the other communists here weren t such naive fools We can t convince the bourgeoise that they re wrong so they need to stop trying Like me they should just wait for the violent revolution of the proletariat that Marx brilliantly predicted then the bourgeoisie will need no convincing. I get mad bitches with my bath salts At least over break Why ain t Tufts bitches into my bath salts like home bitches are. Long Live the Bavarian Soviet Republic. Northern Ireland is part of the Irish Republic and we shall take it back by armed struggle against the Saxon invaders and the Presbyterian settlers. Alpha Kenny Body. Facts and Logic. What s Eugenio Lanzas like as a Spanish prof. Easy summer class recommendations. Hey if you re serious shoot me a message and maybe we can make that happen Of course we might not be compatible but I d be down to at least talk and see how things go Life is short I can prove that I m not catfishing you and all that. Does Tufts have a nutritionist If so how can I contact them. When you post a great secret but have to wait a month for the admin to post it. Have you ever reunited with hometown friends after your first semester and thought Damn these mfs dumb af. White kids in this school do coke off there textbooks say the n word but are afraid to call a black kid black It s okay guys I understand referring to us as people of color in a paper but when you say here s my person of color friend it s fucking weird. What even is a Chungus And why did the doctor say I have it after I got with IH. IH is a creep he grabbed my ass last night without my consent. I went climbing the other day IH phwoar. I was just playing on my Etche a Sketch and suddenly it started typing that IH is really attractive. White people have no culture looking at you IH. Can IH and CE just get together already xxxxxxx. IH can we reenact the lady and the tramp except instead of spaghetti it s your penis. can IH eat my ass already jesus. IH you re really kawaii. IH you re so tall and lanky I don t know how I could possibly handle your immense personality but I ll try my hardest. berkay unlu is incredibly savage in the comments he better not get too big for his boots or ill set my mandem on him. IH please stop leaving me on read every inch of me yearns for you. IH broke my heart in first week I m really gay for him but he just oozes heterosexuality. ooooooohhhhh yeeeeaaaaaaahhhhhh suck my asssssssshole. instead of buying a canada goose jacket you could ve used that money to subscribe to the Your Dog Newsletter or donate to the Financial Aid program. instead of buying a canada goose jacket you could ve gunned down some animals yourself and use their fur to make your own coat. I only use paper plates because I don t want my roommate to yell at me for not doing the dishes fuckalgore. It was pretty racist of whoever organized the subtle asian mixer to invite all asian on campus groups BUT the south asian groups tbh. Instagram keeps showing me ads for condoms. Is the lecture part of CSHD useful for the quizzes is it worth going to. any k players here. Anyone else fall short of what they hoped to get in comp. One afternoon I realized why plastic Solo cups are classically red because they belong to the Party. Conservatives are statistically more happy than liberals Ignorance is bliss Having meaning in life They re oppressive Closer families They re more rooted They gain more satisfaction from working Who knows. I wish people didn t worry about politics so much at Tufts I m not saying to be ignorant or that activism is unnecessary but I think its better to just enjoy the opportunities at college work on having good relationships with friends and stop questioning the character of others that you disagree with Focus on advancing yourself in one More area so that one one day you can reach out and improve the world a little bit In my mind the world is complicated and you can t possibly know enough of the nuances of every topic to make these sweeping arguments against other people s ideologies. I miss having athletes foot oh god it was orgasmic to itch. Recently I ve been wondering what the world would be like if everyone was in a deliriously good mood all the time Everyone would operate as means pursuing ends in the same way as always but their lower order needs would be thoroughly accounted for I m unsure if emotional fulfillment means happiness or simply clarity of emotion perhaps More both in alternation but surely there s a season for incandescent joy I feel almost as though I ve seen it in a dream or something. I hate who I am and I know I need to make big changes so that I can love who I am but its too overwhelming to do anything but curl up in bed and cry into my pillow so that nobody can hear it I don t get why I m can t function like a normal fucking human It s really unnatural for me to be anything but genuine with people but I feel like I can t let anyone even strangers see how I feel inside I hate it and wish I could just be happy because there is so much that is good in my life but I m not either happy or good. I will talk about bath salts until they are treated like weed in society s eyes legalizebathsalts. Can anyone give me the syllabuses for EE ES Diff eq. I m dealing with a really tough situation within my family right now A family member is physically and mentally very unwell and the situation has rapidly deteriorated in the past months I just came home for Christmas and have already been disowned He cannot think straight rejects any of our attempts to care for him unless he asks and More has started resorting to violence and threats of violence against us I don t know what to do and what the best option is for him Please let me know if you have any suggestions or have experienced any similar situations. I m abroad for the year but I still can t stop thinking about guys from Tufts ones I had a crush on ones I used to hook up with will this ever go away I want to focus on my abroad people not guys a million miles away. There is a pure functional Turing Complete language hidden in C. PSA If you see a brown snake swimming in a turlet bowl in one of the dorms that is a Diggins s aquatic serpent Their migratory path passes through here and because of their strong up current swimming they often get stuck in indoor plumming including people s turlets If you encounter a Diggins s aquatic serpent do not panic the More serpent is already nervous causing its scent glands to become highly active Instead softly speak kind words to the snake before flushing the turlet as this is an endangered snake so they need to get back to swimming to their mating grounds More importantly do not fish it out put it in a terrarium and feed it leftover pizza Diggins s aquatic serpents are not to live on land for extended periods of time and your roommate will complain about the scent and I m pretty sure aquatic snakes violate the dorm pet policy. I m sick of all of the people on Tufts secrets complaining about how hard it is to be rich My family has a lot of money and it still pisses me off that people can t see the valid points against some of the people at tufts who flaunt their wealth then have the gall to complain If you or your family wanted you to have a nice coat I have More no problem with that the ethics of Canada Goose aside but that doesn t stop you from getting involved with the dining workers strike discussions about immigration actually engaging in conversation with people of differing viewpoints Recognize what you have and use that as perspective. The people getting complimented on Tufts Compliments consist entirely of my FOCUS leaders and officers of clubs I m in with no exceptions Not sure if this is a conspiracy or if I just know the nicest people on campus. I don t really get why this stuff about Oh my god I just want s this guy s dick or I want him to be my DADDY and all that stuff is OK when it s targeted at gay guys when you would probably consider it sexual harassment if someone said something like that about a woman here It s also just not that funny. Day of Destroy Dick December and my dick has ceased to function I thought No Nut November has hard but this is another level Legit feels like my dick went rounds with Mike Tyson And I m only barely over halfway done No joke I m writing this from my hospital bed due to a heart problem I suffered from jacking up my blood pressure More too many times Every minute hurts so bad but I gotta keep fighting Thank you to all the fans who ve supported me through this journey the past two months If I don t make it to New Years Eve it s been quite the ride. How many ice cream trucks do I have to lick before I find one that actually tastes like ice cream. How many ice cream trucks do I have to lick before I find one that actually tastes like ice cream. I had a thought last night. wait what the fuck how did i end up in an actual relationship. where can you go to cry on this campus There is actually nowhere to hide if you have a roommate. Anyone else excited to not see their room mate for a while. There was this guy at smut slam who told this kinky as all hell story and tbh I still think about it I wish I was the girl he was talking about. I really love the aesthetics of artistic shibari in the non sexual way and really want to find a friend who I could rig but I feel like it would always be considered sexual and I don t want that Ugh. I m glad I quit drinking because that would probably kill me. I was stressed out from the thought of having a shit ton of finals papers to do plus a couple of exams and ended up calling Ears for Peers I talked to a guy who also plays video games watches anime plays DnD likes memes and is Chinese I think I remember he was also from New Jersey and went to the anime club on campus Despite not knowing who he is I guess I just wanted to say thanks if he ever happens to scroll by this post and hang out as friends if I ran across him irl. Is getting a Japanese style tattoo as an East Asian but not Japanese person okay What are some tattoo no nos in terms of cultural appropriation being insensitive of other societal things such as Yakuza presence and etc And there s a lot of overlap between Asian tattoo styles so that s just more confusing as well Are there good POC artists POC who have gotten similar tattoos who can talk you through proper etiquette. who else is ready to get wrecked by phy. Do people not understand what continuous quiet hours means. If I see one more post about how attractive or dad like TCU senate members are I will lose it You re not fooling anyone we all know that you are posting these things about yourselves This is just public masturbation at this point Please put your dicks away and fix the club reimbursement system. Spanish is just Latin Remastered. I miss my crush who is abroad. I think the saddest part about the whole war on Canada Goose is that if the Tufts SJWs came from a privileged background that they d be the ones constantly bragging and flaunting that they could afford the jacket Ps canada goose jackets aren t even that expensive relative to other coats such as the Moncler my mom got herself last week for k. Does anyone hate this place as much as I do. To the people in Tisch who don t flush the toilets on the third floor Why What the f is wrong with you If you re so damn proud of the contents of your intestines why don t you stick them in a jar and frame them Or better yet FLUSH THE DAMN TOILETS. instead of buying that canada goose you could have put a roof over somebody s head for a month and bought an equally warm coat that didn t kill any animals with the leftover money. Is there someone keeping track of how many meals from the meal bank are used per semester Would be interesting to see what the demand is like this could inform future donation campaigns. Girls date a guy that checks in on you as regularly as how the vietnamese dude posts on the memes group. Is there a way to not have the light in the study room in the Carm common room to automatically turn off from time to time. I have a crush on a black girl and I don t know how to approach her I am white I barely know her and I don t know how to go about this HELP. bathsaltsforever. Adam ropfogol needs to stop sucking his own dick on this page. I wish I could fuck myself Anytime I go to a frat party i hook up with myself in the mirror just to practice but one time i started doing it and I actually started to enjoy it. Da fuck why is everyone in dis dam schoo cuffed like goddam muddafucka im tryna wreck mah schlong before I bounce. Danny Fier is one of the most thoughtful vibrant kind people at tufts maybe in the universe His energy lights up a room his reflections on the world are inspiring and his presence in peoples lives is a gift Anyone would be lucky to have a friend half as good as danny. Where do the Rez muffins come from. Joshua Tso is the best RA. It would be nice if the crew team could raise money without monopolizing the entire campus center when it s almost finals season Damn. That new joey driver needs to stop blasting music. I m honestly astounded you think we re still on speaking terms after what you ve said and done to me Not even the ghost of an apology for all the shit you put me through Refusing to keep lighting myself on fire in a vain attempt to keep you warm isn t emotional abuse you absolute walnut Stop deluding yourself admit you have a tractable problem and work on it before you drive everyone away and end up alone. So what should be the accepted use of pronouns in academic writing when addressing a hypothetical gender vague individual or simply addressing the expression one. Since when is Tufts secrets a political opinion page I thought it was people sharing funny shit anonymously Explain pls. Are you missing me too. Isn t it amazing that division athletes can have such big egos. You know I was looking forward to talking to leftists in college but I really didn t expect them to be so full of shit and stunt and make strawman arguments willfully misunderstand others all the time The kicker is I gave it a good chance that they would convert me from liberalism but they re so cynical that they think changing minds is More impossible and I just can t stomach that bullshit I guess they just popped out of the birth canal yelling Lenin lives. FUCK MY PUSSY WITH A RAKE MOM. I wanna go to a tufts party just to steal the Canada goose jackets. I am in love with Megan Monroe. We live in a society. Im not gay but if I was I d want Adam Rapfogel to be my man. Unpopular opinion condescendingly saying imagine isn t a compelling argument against the issue is choir preaching bullshit and just further alienates the very people you d want to convince to be on your side. Why can t people learn to keep it down in the hallways. If the Pokemon Company keeps this up they will be able to buy a small country. I took waaaaaaay too many credit hours this semester and I am paying dearly for my hubris. Emily Gheewalla is possibly the kindest human on this planet She cares so much for everyone around her and she is the greatest friend anyone could ask for. The war between good and evil is not between liberal and conservative men and women cis and trans straight and gay white people and black people capitalists and Socialists nor republicans and Democrats It is a battle to be fought within each person Before we throw stones at the other side let s look within ourselves and think Have I done the best I can to not add evil to this world When more people do this the world can start to be a better place. Honestly passed Liz Shaheen in the cc and I wish I knew how to approach her I wish we could be friends. Can t tell if I like a guy or if I m just desperate. whoever stole my headphones last week I hope you re surviving thriving and diving into a concrete pool f u. When will people start respecting quiet hours and not be a nuisance to those who actually want to study and sleep. If I could pick anyone to be my dad I would choose Adam Rapfogel. Go live in Carm they said There will be hot water they said. I am a person who identifies as a Zionist who is culturally Jewish But above all else I am a person Today in Tisch I just spoke with a person who was a pro Palestinian person But above all else he is a person We engaged in civil discourse that while uncomfortable at times involved concessions and recognition of perspectives on both More sides because both of us ultimately just want people to be better off Not Israeli people Not Palestinian people People We want to establish a freer world in which people feel safer and can maintain their human rights We just see the means by which to do it differently I m not going to lie I m stressed My heart is beating rapidly in my More. Huge appreciation for the janitorial staff that clean up the mud and leaves we track into every building Y all are the best. I feel like our generation is growing up with the idea that being emotionally unavailable is cool and that having an inability to connect makes them somehow better because of course you can t succeed if you have relationships and are in fact human what a concept I just don t really know what the source of all this is a More misconception of what success means a pop culture with tv and movie stars that make cruel individuals seem attractive But literally if another one of my friends or acquaintances comes up to me with a smug smile and speaks of emotional unavailability and coldness as a positive I m gonna smack you. I fucking hate jennifer allen. What happened to Tufts Compliments I loved that page and loved sending in compliments I have so many more I want to send in but I feel like nobody follows the page anymore and they haven t posted in forever Also tbh I selfishly want it to be really big again because no one has ever written anything about me and I am thirsty for attention Everyone compliment your friends. i am not challenged at all I am already taking the maximum number of credits possible for engineering ppl and my none of my classes are easy ones It just sucks to be so smart What s the point of it all. To whoever was walking up and down College Ave knocking over trash barrels and spilling stuff out last night fuck you. How do I react to a react. i don t understand what is so hard to understand about quiet hours and I m not talking about on a weeknight Im talking about am on a weekday seriously some of us are in school. Overheard at Tisch if you smoke after you study for hours do you lose everything you ve learned. Traps aren t gay change my mind. To that person that comments on literally every post its annoying as hell and nobody cares to see what you have to say about. ben rauschendorfer is my daddy I want to run my hands through his slicked back hair. Going through a breakup and scared to start anything new because how do I know what feelings are for the new person and which are just for the old person Am I just trying to fill a gap in my life or do I think I might actually have a shot with someone else This sucks. You have to be a special type of what ever I am to think this anonymous board is a place to voice your disappointments with the communist identity that is TUFTS PROUD STUdEWENTS TM seriously this trademark is real so stop trying to make me take off my pants jearad. I still think about you I can t help it I don t want to think about you because I know that you do not think about me I hate myself for how I made you feel and I m sorry. You re telling me k a year can t pay the damn electric bill to power all the desk outlets in the reading room. I work really had at my job because it s the only time I ever feel like I have a positive impact on anyone s life. I don t go to Tufts and I ve had bad experiences with Tufts police while visiting I ll leave it at that sorry. I was wondering how much energy should be devoted to a p f class I mean I don t know what do people usually do. Am I the only person who hates push on taps Any third year engineer could make a sensored tap for fun there is no reason for them to stay around. I never had a single drop of alcohol before I came here and I think I m alcoholic now just after months. Bitches be crazy amirite. Is everyone as busy as me Preparing interviews for hours every day applying to companies for good hours a day TAing for hours a week spending hours a week for classes and hours for this one class Life is just draining. Russian s pop is love Viktor Tsoi is life. If you look white and you re a minority that doesn t make you a POC Correct me if I m wrong but I always thought POC referred to how society treats you simply because of your skin color. I m extremely anxious and am having terrible intrusive thoughts tips Idk how I m going to sleep tonight because my heart is racing and I m sweating like the end is near. I m constantly terrified of everything and I get scared way too easily I just want to experience one day where I m not constantly stressed or afraid if anything just to know what it s like. does loss ever stop hurting. I am in love with my Spanish professor. I really wish Piazza had a Thanks for nothing button. thank you for saying something about this fucking bran problem I don t know what to say to the people saying bran isn t real but bran changes people I ve seen it No raisins. I ve never kissed anyone or even held hands with anyone romantically but now I ve just started dating a WONDERFUL guy for the first time ever I ve never been the type of person to have something like this I always thought this was something that would never happen to me I want you all to know that if it can happen to me now it can and More will happen to you Join a club join a dating site talk to people and it will happen I ve never felt so much hope before A wonderful guy is into ME So somewhere you ll find someone wonderful who will be into you too. im such a fucking idiot i open up to people time and time again only to get hurt i m self destructive so people who get too close to me get burned or pushed away even though that s not at all what i intend im just so weak and pathetic and stupid i don t know what to do about it besides vent my edgy bullshit to the internet and direct More this guilt and ambivalence into cutting im just so sick and tired of being alive but i lack the motivation to do anything about it i wish i could either fix it or end it because being stuck in this middle ground is fucking awful. I m trying so hard to get over you but it s not working When I enter a room I automatically look for your face When I see you my heart skips a beat You still enter my dreams I know nothing can happen but I can t seem to stop hoping something will Lame I know. XXXtentacions song I spoke to the devil in miami he said everything would be fine is a secret message let me fill you in The title I spoke to the devil in Miami and he said everything would be fine is literal Miami is where X sold his soul to Satan for fame and fortune when he was hence his albums name I will now go into my More take on this songs lyrical breakdown one thing to note is that he is telling a chronological story of the conversation he has with Satan Intro It will all be over soon X was aware that his death was going to be very soon Verse I m always where the sun dont shine the tears dont show wont hurt me now cause hearts been broke i More. Whatever happened to ebola. Ok did they get rid of the carm microwave or did it just move and I m too dumb to find it. I know I m not crazy There have to be single straight attractive smart sweet down to earth guys on this campus I ve been looking for years and nothing. Mom Dad I m scared I really need help I know I need help but I don t know where to start I ve researched and asked other s I ve found people whose thoughts and emotions mirror mines whose own self is their biggest enemy They call this experience anxiety depression But how do I ask for help when I don t have anyone to call. every night I sit and regret all the things I wanted to say and do during the day but never did and decide that if I got the chance again I would for sure go for it but then when I get the chance again I never do or say the things and I go through the cycle over and over again. Mike Pence is going to hell and I m looking forward to seeing him there. More people should watch porn for the plot It s incredibly how many different circumstances lead to people bumping uglies. Once upon a time not long ago I was a hoe. Help us get Overheard at Tufts started again https www facebook com Jumbo Ears Hear Everything. Seniors spend the first month complaining about freshman moving in packs then spend a Saturday morning migrating like geese to the senior cruise. I m probably never gonna vote. I don t HAVE to be good enough Objectively I am not good I am not benefitial to those around me nor to the environment I am of little value and I accept that reality I m not good enough nor will I ever be good enough but who the fuck cares I ll pass away and so will you and this whole world as we know it and my worthlessness won t matter. I m in Chinese and I still have to google the difference between and. Funny how a woman can randomly wake up and decide she doesn t love you anymore fuck love lol. My preferred gender pronouns are Your Majesty Anyone who misgenders me will swiftly be sent to The Tower. I think I m in love with my best friend They make me smile and laugh they re fun to be around and imagining having a long term relationship with them makes me really really happy We re really alike in a lot of ways but different in ways that are interesting different majors different ambitions etc We support each other through More difficult times try to make each other feel cared for and loved and go deeper into emotionally vulnerable things than I have with anyone Not to mention they re cute as heck. WHERE THE FUCK IS MY GOLD JUUL. For the freshmen out there who are having a rough week In my first meeting with my advisor on the first week of school just as we were discussing which classes I should take I suddenly burst into tears for no reason and started crying so hard and so hysterically that I couldn t even speak for minutes and my advisor had to calm me down More Obviously she was not expecting that and was very very shook and I was super embarassed But hey things get better If you re having a bad day or a bad week just think of this story and be glad it didn t happen to you Lots of love. Says something is bait Replies to it as if it s real anyway. Honestly this page could be such a good thing if people didnt want to shit post We need a means of categorizing posts pronto so we only see what we want to see. I don t care what anyone says X was like a Tupac of this generation I can not think of a different rapper who could have gotten shot on June th and left any bigger of an impact than X I loved his music and him as a person He started off with all his music i e Look at Me that was pretty hardcore for lack of better words but like More when he shaved his eyebrows and did that shit that we thought was weird he was trying to change himself and become a better human He hated his old yellow amp black hair self and he changed He donated PS s to foster homes and did so much for the community He did so much and he was shot dead for a LV bag and money He will never be forgotten bc he will live on forever LLJ Jahseh Dwayne Ricardo Onfroy January June. I laughed at a joke and my mom burst into my room to ask if was okay. Tufts students so ashamed to be rich with they uglyass thrift store cops lmao. Day My dick doesn t reach my belly button lets see if these pills really work. Now I don t agree with the idea that people who smoke weed should be shot But smoking a lot of weed is a sign of weakness in all honesty. If you smoke pot you deserve to be put down or shot You don t deserve rights You are smoking the jazz cabbage the devils lettuce and you think it s okay because your friends do it If they jumped off a sky scraper would you do it Rhetorical Of course you would because pot damages brain cells It kills neurons in your brain and More boosts your dopamine levels basically making you a crack addict. Has anyone had experience getting permission to install an air conditioner in on campus housing is it easy or had experience installing an air conditioner in a dorm without permission would I get caught Asking for a friend. Ok so Juan saw me buying bubble gum and i said raggle fraggle im a monkey. TBH this page is the only reason Im still on facebook. Recent graduate here I miss Tufts it s strange because I never really thought I would but I am finding that I like being in college more than navigating the real world so far Is anyone else going through this It seems like all my friends are quickly settling into their new jobs etc while I feel like I m in limbo. Can someone who has had success getting research either on or off campus help a gal out I m a rising junior and I m freaking out that I m falling behind other people applying to medical school because I just haven t had the time or energy to do research until now I know it s not required for medical school but I d love to have something under my belt for my own confidence so any help would be so much appreciated. Americans Some of them Tufts students nah. I get xxxtentacion was a great artist but we really shouldn t ignore how fucked up of a person he was Artists and celebrities sometimes get passes just because people they re great in their professions No that still fucked up if someone like Kanye starts saying stuff like Slavery was a choice or xxxtentacion commits domestic abuse STOP SUPPORTING THEM. i m literally sad all the time amp no one back at tufts knows i don t want to make them worry while they re going on overseas vacations amp working at their dream internships. I ve been SEVERELY depressed ever since xxxtentacion died People who never went through depression won t feel his death as much as it hit us I guarantee. I m starting to think I m just stupid and lazy I m rising junior and all my friends are doing something while I m just home doing nothing trying to figure out what I really wanna do in the future It s not like I didn t apply for any jobs but I didn t get into any Someone please tell me I ll be fine. Are pub tuesdays still a thing over the summer. I d feel worse about not getting likes on my profile pic if I didn t see Donald Trump posts generating x that. It only now that I ve graduated that I can anonymously admit to a FB page that I ve had a four year crush on this stocky blonde boy who also graduated with stupid blue eyes and the most abrasive personality on the planet Do I creepily friend him yeah or nah. The only thing worse than her being angry at me is her not giving a shit about me I miss her. Has anyone here successfully returned to Tufts from a medical leave regarding Mental Health What kind of questions could I expect from the Deans and the CMHS doctor in their interviews Also how long should the personal statement be and should it be brief or descriptive Any help would be very appreciated cause my deadline is coming up and I really want to come back to Tufts. For people that took Orgo over the summer thoughts advice. Optical illusions lowkey turn me on. Coming back home has been kinda a downgrade living wise I have a twin bed here and I didn t realize that it sucked until I had a twin xl Also this room is smaller than the smallest single at Tufts yet I m living here with two other people I miss my Tufts triple atleast I could walk around the room Here I m stuck with two middle schoolers with the worst tantrums. the graphics card on my mid mac air won t support fortnite and I m really upset about it I just want to play with my friends. I feel like I have a lot of acquaintances but few good friends Like if I m at a party I ll see tons of people who recognize me and we can talk for a few minutes but I don t have very many people in my life who d actively invite me to things How do I make good friends at a school so reliant on superficial relationships or relationships that come out of clubs rather than more meaningful points of connection. Shout out to the jumbo smash team for working tirelessly recently to get the app working We appreciate you. serious inquiry does philip miller have a girlfriend asking for a friend. To the person somewhere in Carm whose alarm regularly goes off around and never turns it off I d like to offer my sincerest fuck you. Overheard at Tufts in Paris Lately I ve gotten pretty anal about pooping outside of my house. As an alum I have a lot of complaints about tufts but none of my friends from other schools had anything like senior week so please enjoy and appreciate. The rez is honestly the straightest place on campus kindlevan is queer. Tufts Quidditch is actually a front for furries Literally every member of the team is a furry. Cw rape. I am a feminist and a woman Having seen this thread about men not being listened to because they are straight white cis truly saddens me I know this particular conversation started about LGBTQ issues but I believe it can be applied to nearly every conversation we have about privilege We all have the goal of achieving equality in this More thread Unfortunately at this time in the world we live in yes straight white men have the most privilege If we are being successful people and debaters in a silenced group we will MAKE straight white men want to help our cause and comment on it Just because he s a straight white male doesn t mean he can t hear the problems of others and More. Re I think I lost the love of my life and I don t know what to do now Happy to help if you could provide a few more details The context and circumstances kind of matter That said hope is not lost I speak from experience. I wish every club hazed just me and no one else. If you graduate Tufts with a man bun you didn t have previously you should check your conformity mentality Who you tryna look like man Doesn t make you any more eco friendly to have a man bun hahahaha. Seriously crushing on the girl with brown hair a headband and blue beats headphones who I ve seen killing it at the gym sometimes. I wrote in the Mooch for TCU president. So in the past year I ve lost all my friends and here I am entering senior week and I m wondering if I should even go even if nobody would want me there and if I have nobody to hang with. I m a straight white male and tbh I get annoyed as fuck when people tell me how privileged I am I read posts all the time on here and see shit like I stopped reading after As a straight man lmao and To all the white men out there we re still doing it all wrong Period Like I understand the fact that generally speaking being More straight white and male means that you probably have more privilege than someone who is not straight not white and not male But here is the thing speaking in generalities and making assumptions about people is called stereotyping I would fucking know I m from the south I ve said this before and people on campus have responded by saying that More. tems is the most corrupt racist sexist organization on this campus. Just out of curiosity if I submit something while admin is posting will it show up now or the next time he posts Just for a test its currently August rd. Whoever you voted for that video that Rapfogel made was straight fire. Y all think flies call us walks. Honestly if you make zero effort to recycle freecycle or keep sell things that work fine when you move out and just throw everything in the trash fuck you How important are you that all the resources and labor that went into making all your shit isn t worth the seconds per item it would take to get some additional benefit from it And that s not even counting how needlessly expensive it is. Every time I talk to my parents I remember the tuition rent and everything else they are paying for me They are fine with supporting my education here but I worry I won t be able to get a positive return for their investment in the future. Some people s friend groups at this school exist solely to take polaroid pictures of each other These are ludicrously boring people. I m getting so tired of one way friendships Don t expect me to always be the one to text you about dinner plans etc And then you expect me to be super friendly when I see you around You have a phone too It s honestly so exhausting sometimes I just want to cut you out of my life. i have ten dollars in my wallet and want to buy as much chocolate as possible for finals where do i go. I just want someone to love How do couples even find each other on this campus All I ever experience is superficial small talk with acquaintances and friend groups and rarely deep personal emotional talks with someone that I could get to know and potentially like. To the hottie in a dark orange hoodie sitting in the left part of the audience at burlesque you re cute and I wonder which way you swing. Non black people especially whites have the most BORING conversations All they talk about are classes internships and drunk stories party stories There s the occasional political white but they re rare It s like y all are programmed to be boring like those game characters that have the same lines everytime you approach them. Why I believe in God First by observing physical reality we can see that every thing that exists physically came from something PHYSICAL that already existed Now tracing this backwards there has to be something that started it all it cannot go back infinitely If it goes back infinitely we would an infinite number of steps for More anything to exist and thus nothing would exist So there is a beginning Now from my first sentence we can see that the beginning in question cannot be physical because it would need something else that is also physical for it to exist and that would send us back into the infinite loop Thus the beginning of all life is NOT physical. so when is jumbosmash coming out. tfw when the only reason you re excited about spring fling is drinking with friends because the music SUCKS and whoever chose the lineup has AWFUL taste bring kesha back. We kissed but are you even gay idgi. So is Jumbo Smash a thing this year or not I wouldn t be that upset but it would be nice to have that senior year experience. I don t go to tufts and am a student from another school who lives nearby With that in mind this page is absolutely golden and I find you guys hilarious Sometimes I want to comment on your posts but I also am worried of what territorial mayhem may be faced once I out myself or maybe I ll make friends who knows. sorority girls being ridiculously ignorant in Carm Tufts when I leave you can keep that. i ve sexted in tisch as a way to procrastinate. that dude has a girlfriend STOP trying to make it look like you are in a relationship. the people having sex on the floor of SEC Fuck you. ok real talk who was that cute pianist at the public harmony showcase last week. I have a few friends here at Tufts and I know that they care about me but I feel as though I m always the one to initiate any sort of hanging out or talking between everyone I consider a friend and if I don t the friendship will fade away I know I can t expect the world out of people especially at a university like this but sometimes More I worry about how my friends think of me and whether I m just forcing the friendship at times It s a lot to juggle and I m constantly afraid that if I m not giving adequate effort then no one will like me or want to interact with me. if yall are doing dance shit of any variety let me just say it is BEYOND irritating when people don t show up to practice tech dress whatever because they can t be bothered why would you sign up to do this if you don t wanna come practice idgi it s so rude to the people putting all the effort into making this happen for you that you More think it s ok to not show up for no good reason smh putting choreo together takes fucking ages and you not showing up means that your choreos have to go out of their way to catch you up and spend even more of their time doing shit which could be avoided if you did the bare minimum that was expected of you like i get it if u cant come bc u have shit going on i understand that but seriously u should be there if u don t this has been a PSA. I m so fucking sick of Tufts students complaining about xyz social justice problems but not suggesting a way to fix it Like okay thank you for alerting us to the problem but now what Just continue to slander Tufts for doing something wrong and be angry about it or will you fucking suggest how to help Obviously the people who have done More something wrong don t know how to fix it Change doesn t come from boohooing about an issue change comes from when you decide what to do about it And Tufts students are the WORST at actually trying to solve problems rather than just whining about it I m so ready to be done here. So here s a better critique of the whole Senators paying themselves and student leaders coming from someone who is a poor Questbridge student who is a bit annoyed at the comments he keeps seeing every time someone gets angry about the absurdity of it So first the comments defending the policy try to shame the individual critiquing it and More then proceed to act all high and mighty in their rhetoric as if they are speaking for all low income kids on campus Stop it you don t speak for a entire class of people you shit just like the rest of us and it s just frankly obnoxious Second I think the policy is a good idea for encouraging low income students to get student leadership More. There s a guy in my ES lab and I can t tell if he s flirting with me or not but he s kinda cute. Ok just to make this clear if you support paying TCU members you are either incredibly mind numbingly stupid or a bad person I don t buy the low income excuse for this blatant power grab and I think they are taking money that could instead be used to keep tuition prices down or otherwise do something good It s an immoral act that feels like one real politicians would do This school is going to the toilets and it s people like our supposed leaders who are making it happen. I wish the people who use this page as a platform to bash meatless Monday would do it in person I feel like they understand the meatless monday message but say mean things for no reason because they are looking for attention here If they really had a problem with it they would say something to us at the table or send a letter or something Y all dgaf you just like being nasty. Just some general curiosity Tufts Daily how many copies are produced each day Has that number spiked dramatically recently due to the trendiness of crossword puzzles I only ask because I and most people I know only pick up the newspaper for the crossword puzzle and sudoku Maybe you would consider printing puzzle only copies Save the trees. all these building memes are really shitty and they arent funny. Tbh can Jake Goldberg SA S become a big deal again because I agree with him now. I may not have my life together but at least I don t smell like shit. What are some fun things to do in Boston over the summer What s it like working full time in an internship in Boston over the summer I m curious about your experiences and suggestions excited frosh. Why do you write words like latino latina latinx or africana o x instead of using the neutral word latin or african Considering the fact that english has neutral adjectives why do you make such a thing Just wondering. TCU senators decided to pay themselves because working to make Tufts a better place wasn t enough Logically they had to take money out of the budget for themselves Honestly if you are a senator and feel your time could be better spent somewhere else don t be a senator Many people who ran against you would probably be very happy to More take over your position just for the experience. lmao is TCU Senate seriously trying to pay themselves like ok senate does some important things but most of your recent presidential elections were UNCONTESTED and waaaaaaay too extra with rallies and websites and slogans that were unapologetically more about the candidate than the actual issues y all gonna make money by default y all More are slashing budgets for other clubs regularly but now wanna pay yourselves it s a little ridiculous that a few students decide which organizations get how much money when some of y all are just ordering pizza to the third floor of CC and patting yourselves on the back for simply holding an office there are definitely some gems on senate but it s not difficult to see what a circle jerk it is can CSL at least keen senate in check and stop it from being the overt power trip that it s become y all can vote on whatever you want to vote on and say what you wanna say but the picture s pretty clear to the majority of students girl bye dismissed. Girls need to ask out guys more. the SJP crowd Jews are indigenous to the land of Israel Try and change my mind. Why is that a protest for halting tuition increase always happens almost at the same time as a protest for higher wages and conditions for everyone at Tufts Don t people see the irony If you decrease the president s salary by K and spread it across the board for all faculties and staffs they will get an average increase in More their hourly wages You are essentially the one who pay for all of their wages so if you think they need more money you should be comfortable paying more tuition The school is run by ordinary people not magicians so they can t just get money out of thin air And if you think they are doing a bad job and wasting your tuition you might want to study Economics and later on help them do it right. I ve been struggling with depression and the knowledge that I m transferring to community college this fall leaving everything that I worked for in high school and at Tufts behind because my family and I can t afford my last year even with generous FinAid When I told a friend today that I was transferring she offhandedly responded Isn t next year like a thousand more or something I m lucky enough that I can continue to take classes and work but it doesn t erase the sadness and loneliness that s been ripping me up. TCU Senate is probably one of the most bureaucratic and biased organizations at Tufts It feels like most of the time they vote on legislation which only works to further their individual political social and economic agendas as opposed to those of the larger Tufts community Lets not forget how last year they decided to vote on BDS on More passover when of the Tufts population is Jewish Now they re trying to pay themselves for leadership positions It s actually absurd Then you have the daily which only further normalizes the Senates corrupt and discriminatory behavior. Israel resettles African refugees to Western countries already drowning in problems called by mass immigration Once again Israel and its people prove to be the world s biggest hypocrites calling for the West to open its borders to refugees while kicking them out of their backyard Remember it s not deportation if you deport More them to Western nations just so long as there are no black people in Jerusalem. Every time I post a secret I always forget about it for weeks on end By time I remember I usually have to spend a solid minutes scrolling until I find it as being either controversial or whatever. https www patreon com posts area of terror. Boy I m getting real tired of people on tinder unmatching me as soon as they realize I m transgender. I m a sophomore at Tufts and I m dropping out to go apply to a cheaper schook after this year I just saw the tuition increase. The fact that SJP included Palestinian combatants but excluded Israeli civilians in its poster is very telling As is their willful ignorance of Hamas. Who did really badly on the ec exam. Hodge s white chocolate macadamia cookies are the only reason I go downhill anymore. DJ AkAkademiks should do us all a favor and deactivate his IG and his Twitter. JavaScript is bae. After years I finally found out what that gray thing near the toasters in Dewick is. Can we stop calling crazy people saying bat shit stuff in the name of women s rights feminists and call them alt feminists or smth Cuz technically we re all feminists if we believe in equal treatment of men and women. It s so fuckin lonely on campus right now I miss my Jumbos. Get out of my DMs it s not happening. So tufts memes is holding a tournament to see who the most powerful symbol of Tufts University is However it s Tufts Secrets vs Tufts Memes held ON THE MEME PAGE. whenever I see smfa I read it as school of mother fucking ART. What s a bullshit class I can take to get my natural science req out of the way. Okay so admin I just wanted to say you never pick anyone fucking else in OW Maybe if you stopped playing HANZO all the fucking time you d claw your way out of silver God damn. You ever see someone s FB and think wow I want to see them around campus sometime and talk or something but you know you ll probably never see them and if you do you sure as hell won t talk to them. I m in deep denial about my lactose sensitivity and tbh will definitely not be giving it up anytime soon But who has actual good dairy substitute suggestions I m talking cheese primarily but milk and yogurt and things too Will not touch a tofu tofutti substitution thanks. boycott algo lecture in protest of test being pushed to after break who in. I m in econometrics and I can t draw lowercase Greek letters My sigmas look like deltas my gammas look like spaghetti I am going to fail send help. Obama wouldn t of even got elected if he was white Plus he was a horrible President he did kill like million innocent people in the Middle East but he makes disenfranchised black Americans feel better about their lack of generational accomplishments so yeah go Obama. If you see someone on Tinder who also goes to Tufts do you always swipe left despite attraction Always swipe right Also also if you see someone who you always admire from afar around campus on Tinder and you don t match does that mean they re not into you pls lmk im just confused and looking for love. To all the white men out there we re still doing it all wrong Period Society is set up so that white men have a lot of power but that doesn t mean that we re the chosen voices for change Think about anyone you know who doesn t have the privilege of assumed respect by the rest of society a non cis gendered male a POC someone who More does not fall neatly into the gender sexuality spectrum Their voices need to be heard but even white men who continue to speak their minds without letting anyone else in even if it is their attempt at change are perpetuating the power of white men Stop for a second Just listen There are so many people who have so much to say You don t have to More. Never felt so free and so sad as this. I know this may seem like a mere conspiracy theory as the very details of the subject matter make my hypothesis very difficult to prove or disprove one may even say that such a hypothesis may by impossible to prove but please hear me out This is a subject of grave importance for our functioning as a society as one people and the bond More that unites us all and creates our identity. how do I check if a number is even or odd You can use the modulo operator on if its its odd if its its even why Because its the remainder when divided by Oh that is so smart Bloomberg never taught me this. What is so painful is to hear SJP tell me that Jews are colonizers in the land that we originated in where we have years of history thousands of years before the advent of Islam The Hebrew More language which we have carefully preserved over thousands of years originated in Israel How long has America been around Who are the real settlers https www facebook com cityofdavid en videos. I bet that we re barely going to get any snow. the sex is great and all but i want to sleep over go out once in a while and maybe be said hi to in public you know to be treated like a human being. In case anyone was wondering Flint MI has been without drinkable water for years months and days. watching the american empire erode would bring me infinite joy were I not a citizen of it. hot take i do not understand the concept of non emotional sex. Does anyone here play guild wars I know lots of league r overwatch players but no one seems to play gw. This makes me feel a little bit better about things https www weforum org agenda the short history of global living conditions and why it matters that we know it. Is it fine if I ask my bf to not have sex with me and us not getting naked in front of each other Is it too much to ask Have you done that. Can we just put posts about isreal and communism on pause for just one fucking day please. I m trying to rent a room in Somerville Medford or somewhere near there on the red line this summer I m only a freshman now and have no idea how to navigate this process I ve just been messaging people trying to sublet in various Facebook groups but I don t know what s reasonable or how to sign a lease or anything Freshman dorms close More May th at noon but nobody is renting rooms until June st Tufts BU or other university summer housing is wayyy too expensive Is there someone on campus that can help me navigate this process I feel so overwhelmed I practically just moved into college and now I m suddenly needing to rent a room in a house What. THINGS THAT TOUR GIUDES DON T TELL YOU The elephant statue at tufts actually had a penis It is not there anymore because it was just too big People actually mistook it for the cannon and stated to paint it which became a problem and tufts finally decided to remove it in Poor Jumbo. I think some of y all could benefit from exposure to a side of Israel too few see on tufts campus https www facebook com travelandleisure videos. My roommate is gorgeous smart funny sweet She gets more Tinder matches in five minutes than most of us get in a month Just tonight she went out to dinner with a pre med student from Columbia who is in Boston for a modeling job Not even kidding You know what the killer is She came home from her date with perfection and talked about the pale nerdy guy from Tufts who she can t get out of her head WTF Make it stop. Shout out to the girl who offered me a ride from halligan at midnight when we were leaving it made my night. I like to start my day with a nice handmade Irish Cream. Squidward walks up to a headstone lays a bouquet of flowers in front of it sobs and wipes his eyes and walks away. When I find someone who really sees me I never lose sight of them. to the person who keeps coughing in community health without covering their mouth hello we are in community health please recognize the irony in what you are doing also if another pre med coughs without covering their mouth i m going to punch them. It s as if people on this campus are blind to the actual effects of communism https www youtube com watch v n mUZRP fpo. Genuine question why are classes numbered in such weird ways Like there s no numerical order they just jump to a number larger than the next. I feel like the Latino Center is more inclusive of second generation Latinos than those actually born abroad that still speak Spanish as a main language They all seem like really nice people but it s hard to feel included when they don t really make an attempt to regularly speak Spanish. Little known fact almost all the businesses on that strip by Helen s espresso s and pizza days are owned by a single shell corporation and tufts has a controlling interest in that corporation So if you ve ever wondered who s to blame for the fact that all the restaurants on Boston Ave are super shitty and expensive blame the More administration. I had sex with a compsci TA in the top floor of Halligan hehehehehe. Can poc who ve been to poc weekend at the loj comment on whether it s worth it to go i really want to connect with the poc community on campus and this is a great way to do so but my outdoors skills are nonexistent and i m really intimidated by everyone who goes to the loj and has all this hiking experience this is a hobby my family was never able to afford so i don t even have proper hiking equipment or know how to prepare for a hike or anything remotely close to that so should i even go to poc weekend. Fuck Netanyahu fuck Hamas fuck BDS fuck settlements and fuck this one side is evil and the other side is innocent bullshit false choice. https www youtube com watch v f bbDFRYD A. There has been a lot of talk about the CS department and classes being unreasonably difficult Some classes truly do reward you for your hard work like and But then there are the bullshit classes that only students wanting to pursue masters or even graduate studies find interesting and it is completely unreasonable for More students wanting to be programmers not fucking theorists to excel at I know is supposed to be enlightening but that s complete bullshit taught recursion and it taught me more about design than any other fucking class Now you might bring up higher order functions well guess what fucking JavaScript does it and I cannot believe when I say More. WWE is just redneck anime. I hate abbreviations with a passion. https mobile nytimes com well more fitness less fatness html smid fb nytimes amp smtyp cur amp referer http m facebook com. My vagina smells awesome. I m so unhappy I don t know what to do anymore Whenever I wake up I start crying because I m back in my own life. how do you know when you re in love There s no one answer to this question but for me it s when thinking about the person in my head I used the word love instead of like When like is not enough It s when it s obvious that you re both in love When the person does something cute or funny or special that makes you realize you re actually in love Idk the whole fun of it is that you figure out what love means to you along the way. When we can finally ensure universal access to birth control and abortion I don t think men should be legally obligated to pay child support for a child they didn t want to have Medical exceptions excluded that would be true equality. West Virginia shows America how to resist Tens of thousands of teachers have been on strike in defiance of the state on strike for better pay for affordable healthcare for fair education practices and a secure work environment. Overheard conversation Insert name here s mom hasn t been sending him money this month Oh my God how does he live. i m really scared of accidentally eating nuts when there might be a stranger with a severe nut allergy near me gt lt. I am Jane and I love to ride an elephant. seriously though I would donate to a charity called algorithms anonymous. Panick attacks are fucking terrifying I didn t understand until I started having them but it feels like your chest is going to explode Please when your friends tell you about panick attacks take them seriously. I just want to cry I feel so weak and underprepared in this university fml I want to do well but it s SO FUCKING HARD. Basketball is a sport that has been has been heavily influenced by African American culture and a basketball court is a largely Black domain not entirely of course anyone can play but it is disproportionately Black So naturally Tufts doesn t give a shit about respecting that space Our gymnasium if not occupied by people doing a More yoga class or workouts that they could be doing literally anywhere else has dead spots broken floorboards and roof leaks that making playing a game a serious danger to one s health But please continue to drop millions on renovating dorms and building new power plants while the court continues to crumble. response to PSA to dudes in Carm If you re going to shave in a dorm sink please please clean up after yourself and use one of the shittier sinks it s not our job to deal with your shit. Does anyone know what is going on with Helen s I just want a bluezone. https m youtube com watch v MKjhbMQ FBw. SJP kids say they care about human violations around the world yet no one is showing up to challenge the upcoming presence of the French military described as one of the world s greatest group minds at the TDS event The French military which oversaw the genocide in Rwanda and colonization of of the world and which still has a More presence in much of it When an IDF general was invited to Tufts SJP staged a die in and a nationally circulated petition to ban him When a Saudi prince was invited by Fletcher there was silence And there s silence regarding the Confucius Institute s propaganda but outrage at FOI serving Israeli Jewish food at an apolitical cultural event Call it a series of coincidences but it looks far more sinister to me. Tfw u thought u wanted to be in compsci because of and now you kinda feel like shit because of struuuuuugggllllllllessss. The rise in income inequality is bad but a big factor in it is that people of the same SES get married now a lawyer marries a lawyer when it used to be high income males married low income women lawyer married his secretary Women choosing partners that are of the same educational attainment level as them isn t nexessarily a bad thing so maybe some of the income inequality issues can t really go back to how they were Idk. Communism Will Win. If you think communism is good then you clearly haven t read about the rule of Bepis Jr. Love this https www timesofisrael com israel aims to eliminate use of coal gasoline and diesel by. Lmao going through that NYT article on student income data made me realize just how abysmally poor I am on paper vs of the people on this campus. I get really turned on by a guy in a swim shirt. Can we please make this page more into gossip girl and discuss petty drama and gossip rather than have white supremacists racists and SJP attack Marginialized voices. Alright what re albums that everyone has been listening to lately I just wanna get some awesome music recommendations from the Tufts community. bless the staff at health services they may be misguided at times but at the end of the day they re just full of compassion for the students here and i m so thankful for all that they do. She ll say she loves you next thing you know she leaves you for your dad. All I want to do is play sports love and respect women. Bolshevism is a conservative perversion of Marxist communism Lenin even wrote a book condemning left wing communism Yet Tufts communists seemingly defend some of the harshest regimes. What do non cis people think about cis people specifying their pronouns on platforms like social media I ve recently seen some cis people I know add things like she series to their Instagram bios for instance and I m wondering whether people think that cis people shouldn t specify pronouns when there are no negative consequences involved for them in order to seem woke i e for social gain or talking about preferred pronouns regardless of context is always good because it normalizes this practice. I keep notes from home in a drawer it s very comforting to reread them after a long and somewhat dismal day. Cmon cover your mouth when you cough With your inner elbow not your hand Please don t get everyone else in the lecture hall sick Please. Is stress a hobby. I feel like my lack of luck with love along with other shits in life has finally given me depression took a test online lol Is it worth it to reach out to Tufts mental health services Someone told me that a therapy might make you give in to your negative emotions even more so I m a little reluctant right now. Goodness me mg. why does professor winn wear purple so much. hey if any of y all scooped up a juul left in carm that is snake behavior and you cannot be trusted i had it for one week and will cry if i don t satisfy my nicotine addiction asap i am a juul fiend and this punishment and disrespect are simply cruel if anyone knows of its whereabouts i will pay you money to return it to me its right and lawful owner. I m going to be in so much fucking trouble My girlfriend dropped off our baby Yes I have a child and I m in school It s surprisingly not that hard to balance to my dorm and told me to give him his vitamins around So comes and I give the baby the vitamin and the formula and minutes later I hear the baby screaming and I go check More and see the baby on the floor shaking Then I look on the dresser and it turns out I accidentally gave my baby my xanax Will the child be ok I really don t wanna go to jail It was legit an accident I m not a bad parent it was an honest mistake. If you don t think tribalism is a problem look at what it did to Hogwarts. People who wear caps inside y u do dis. Israel is the only state in history to unilaterally and covertly fly tens of thousands of Africans facing imminent danger into its borders to then offer citizenship and immediate absorption No one was More sterilized though some people were administered temporary birth control a bad instance done by some individuals but not a state implemented policy What is more important is the fact that a growing community of Ethiopian Israelis is thriving today and they are there solely due to the heroic rescue ordered by the Israeli government And by the way calling Israel a white savior is so disgustingly problematic and reveals your apparently shallow understanding of Israelis and More. i just came out to a friend as queer but they re really worried that i somehow can t be libertarian and gay like grow up everyone knows that you can be libertarian and gay it s called intersectionality. anyone else catch daddy tony monaco sporting a balloon dick lysistrata tonight because i am officially shook. I feel like if you re going to have Greek life on a campus you need more than three soririties It forces people who want to be a part of something into making a choice that might not fit them right It also makes it so much harder for the average person that would join a sorority elsewhere to actually get a bid when it s so ridiculously competitive. I need a new wallet Any suggestions reccomendations. Do you think the admin looks at all these sub secrets written in the nd person perspective and takes them personally. are you saying that you loved me. Someone pass this on to Tufts Admissions https www buzzfeed com juliareinstein colleges are promising high schoolers that getting utm source dynamic amp utm campaign bffbbuzzfeed amp ref bffbbuzzfeed. My mustache is really coming in. Looking for a Tufts Overwatch team on PS. Ive never been in any Tufts library except tisch and at this point Im too nervous to ask how to get to the others. Second only to the political struggle my struggle is against bad prose Here s to war against sloppy writing and the bourgeoisie. I am Tufts sleeps. Why wait all the way until Valentine s Day for guys to have girly parties That shit s awesome yearround and hey there s no better way to kick off the grubbin than seeing the pizza delivery guy s reaction when you ve got a blue mud mask on like in the sitcoms. All I need is for one person to ask how I m doing and actually listen. If I send something in with quotation marks already will Tufts secrets put more before posting. Ok so I didn t know much about Zionism before Tufts but I m confused about it People have compared it to Indians reclaiming their land so is it even bad. To whomever is crying in the halligan second floor bathroom everything will turn out fine Trust me I was in your position countless times before. Sometimes I have social anxiety and I m too self concious to receive attention while some other time I crave for people s attention and want to be in the center Is this normal. I genuinely feel that the people here who advocate for communism should be kicked out. If you hated the Black Panther movie I m gonna go ahead and assume you re racist I ve never ever heard anyone hate on a superhero movie unless it was made by DC Marvel movies are always. Nothing gets me more hype than a sports anime After finishing a good sports anime you just want to take on the world and dominate a sport Now I suddenly want to go to the grand prix for ballroom dancing and flex If only there was a sports anime about competitive studying then I would probably get a gpa. I feel like any new American I meet has this slight loathing for me and I don t know why I have really good friends I have made here who don t feel that way I m sure but any new person I meet they just give me this look idk whether to call it mild disgust or discomfort At first I thought I was just catching people on a bad day but it has happened way too much And it s only with Americans It just bugs me though it might be nothing more than just coincidences. I hate everyone at this school gd can any of yall chill for like minutes thanks. I listen to anime ops while I work out and I m always paranoid someone s going to hear it but tbh nothing gets me more pumped than some good old roll romance. women posting pictures of men who aren t their boyfriend is like calling dibs or something. CIVIC kids need to stop breaking their arms jerking themselves off Condescending civility is no better than unmasked disdain In fact one might prefer the honesty of the latter to the sniveling cowardice of the former. I saw you today Tuesday and even though it s been two years and I m technically the one who ended things I still really wish we could be friends I reached out once and phrased it so badly that I know it sounded like I probably just wanted to hook up but I really just want to talk with you I hope you re ok and that your insomnia is More better I wish I could hear you talk about politics again I know it really hurt you when we ended so I m not going to bother you by contacting you I just wish we could be ok As much as it might not sound like it I ve moved on I just hope you know how much I value what we had. pro tip instead of covering your webcam with tape try a oblong sheet of tinfoil that is cm in both width and diameter that way you can simultaneously deflect chem trails. This is not a secret but can anyone whose been in Winthrop and Sunset residency halls for upperclassmen make some comments about these housing options Are there many singles is there a chance for a rising junior to get a single THANK YOU. I love how so many Tufts guys take emotional health seriously instead of acting like any man who cries is a sissy This campus is amazing. I will waste no more time leave my worries behind I live for this moment alone I will tell you my friend all things come to an end FOREVER IS TOOOODAAAAAAAY SO DON T DELAY. I feel about a million times better on campus than I do at home. Tbh I m giving up on love romantic love Still platonically love all my friends out there. There is nothing wrong with religion only when the problem comes when it becomes extreme be it Christian Hindu Buddhist Islam Scientology Jediism etc. Why is suicide a thing in some countries and isn t a thing in others Is suicidal ideation a product of culture As someone struggling with suicidal thoughts it s a little weird thinking maybe its the result of me growing up in America Since in my parents country suicide literally never occurred and still doesn t occur despite the fact that it s one of the poorest countries in the world. Let people be happy about Black Panther and stop being killjoys People love hating on the black public liking anything. I would literally do anything for Nathaniel Cresswell Clay Like do you need anything Nathaniel I will help you dude Whatever you need. Are we able to sign up for summer courses yet If so how I can t seem to figure it out. I made accidental eye contact with a really pretty acquaintance briefly froze up made a weird half smile half grimace face and then powerwalked away So you know who you are sorry about that. I have a lingering suspicion that Meatless Monday is actually just a meme. The communist who beef with welfare capitalism because it maintains the relationships between employers and employees are missing the point The relationship is changed when the work done by employees are no longer required to live and therefore are less important. can someone help a desperate and undecisive rising sophomore out with housing choices and send pix of the layout size of carm single vs double rooms thanks very much appreciated. Same I wanted to go on a trip with my friends for spring break We talked about all going together so long ago and they seemed excited to have me come But then I found out recently that they had been planning it all without me and didn t actually want me to come I don t have any family nearby so now I ll probably just stay on campus for spring break. Wow So I send a secret talking about how the parties could be better and it didn t go through Show your face so I could beat your ass I bet you won t on foe nem. The admin is definitely dead. Hey guys Not a secret but what avg lottery numbers did people with quads in West have What were your numbers like for suites in Wren What is the best place for quads Thanks. Well now it s out in the open Why you lying to me SJP friends http www jpost com Blogs Boots on the Ground in Israel No Jesus was not a Palestinian. Recently I ve been experiencing more instances where I want to disappear off from the world and die But I recently realized that I still want to experience some things in my life like having a family and taking care of my parents when they get old So that s why I m still here I really hope that one day I will not feel like I do right now. I want to try weed for the first time but I don t know anybody that sells. I am a junior and I just dropped a class so now I m only taking Is that bad. My one true love is tide pods. Whacking off is the highlight of my day. I ve been at Tufts for a couple semesters now and only just realized that Tufts Compliments is an anonymous forum just like Tufts Secrets. So I ve been counting calories for about a month now and I just realized that an ounce is a measure of mass not volume. idk what tusc does but their events have been phenom. Abnormal Psych is messing with me low key I knew what I was getting into but idk I still get nauseous and like super anxious whenever my conditions are talked about in an academic setting to a what I m assuming majority neurotypical audience The professor says a lot of things in passing that kinda just make me feel terrible It s More nothing major or even noticeable really but sometimes she ll just use language thats alienating which isn t bad since she s teaching a super nuanced field at the intro level through clearly delineated bullet points Idk I get multiple anxiety attacks during and especially after class I don t want to drop it since it s good stuff of the time but the really catches me off guard. Tufts Secrets in LUL. I just realized I have HPV I don t know how to tell my boyfriend I m so scared. People who think guns aren t the problem Imagine guns are inaccessible to the general public There would be no mass shootings and sure attackers can use other weapons but SIGNIFICANTLY less people will be harmed from things like knives before the attacker is contained I get the argument that the person is the problem but aren t we trying to eliminate mass shootings and wouldn t stricter gun control solve that issue. protip at Dewick mix mango sorbet and the lemon twist soda in a cup it ll change your life. commenters you re absolutely wrong While the population of Jewish communities in Judea and Samaria the disputed territory has risen significantly the geographic distribution of Jews in the More West Bank has changed little in years of Jews in Judea and Samaria live in settlement blocs that comprise of the West Bank The same basic formula for a Palestinian state comprising all of Gaza which Israel unilaterally emptied of Jews in and much of the West Bank with land swaps is still as possible as ever The link provides fascinating visualizations for potential two state borders including the proposals that Arafat and Abbas rejected http www washingtoninstitute org interactiveMaps index html. I think we should treat black Americans who say they identify with Africa the same way we treat white Americans who say they identify with Ireland If you grew up in the US you have a culture and that culture is American American culture means a lot of things to a lot of people but it doesn t mean nothing and you don t have to like the More culture you grew up in but you can t go around claiming you have a greater affinity with a bunch of people you ve never seen on a continent you ve never been to. So this is a rant on some of the muslim posts I have been reading recently and my general opinion on all that. Look Honestly I get it Satire But regardless of your opinion of the military or the US in world affairs or whatever its disrespectful to mock the actual men and women protecting YOUR right to write shit like this on FB. They say that people who lose a sense often have corresponding sensory hallucinations because of understimulated nerve. I think I m prejudiced against TAs who don t speak English well. To the girl at Dewick with the red hair. The post about having to do everything in the koran verbatim was triggering to me I grew up in Utah with a strictly Mormon family and it was very harmful to my mental health I still feel ashamed of my body and try to avoid letting people post pictures of me wearing shorts for fear of my family seeing I don t feel safe when conservatives push their views on other people it s what I came to Tufts to avoid. Broke War siege and colonialism are all bad Stop bombing and torturing and assassinating people. https www thrillist com eat nation why you should stop tipping reasons not to tip. I have the Black Amex Centurion card and I fucking love it. Sitting next to groups of tufts girls at the dining hall has been educational and disappointing Girls are constantly talking about how rich one other girl is or some shit like that It s always about singling out one person and talking about their private life This shit makes my skin crawl but I can literally hear each one of them getting off a little more each time they talk about HOW RICH RACHEL S DAD IS. This is just terrible How can we help https www economist com news international where miscarrying can mean life jail miscarriage justice fsrc scn fb te bl ed miscarriageofjustice. I think I m your roommate you re dealing with so much pain and stress right now and I hope things get better for you soon You are one of the most thoughtful and hardworking people I know If you ever want to decompress alone in the room let me know and I ll go chill somewhere else Love you. I thought hip hop was dead until I heard this song. White Americans calling Jews settlers for living in Israel where we have years of continuous history and where Jews originated is the height of hypocrisy Ha. Examples of settler colonialism Europeans in America Europeans in Australia Europeans in Africa Europeans in India Han Chinese in Tibet Han Chinese in Uighur region Moroccans in Western Sahara India in Kashmir Turkey in Cyprus Turkey in Kurdistan More Americans in Guam Russians in Ukraine Arabs in Iraqi Kurdistan. As a liberal left leaning person who supports a peaceful two state resolution to the Palestinian Israeli conflict I have been so crushed and hurt by my exclusion from left leaning spaces at Tufts More simply because I support Israel s continued existence alongside a future sovereign Palestine Rather than just one state Palestine In what reality does supporting self determination of both all peoples warrant such exclusion To those out there who feel similarly isolated you are not alone https www facebook com StandWithUs videos. People say stop and frisk policies aren t a problem if you got nothing to hide Same with surveillance. I recently heard that once you start pleasuring a women and start doing something she likes the most important thing is to STAY CONSISTENT Can anyone confirm. I was planning to start a fitness routine today which includes cutting dairy out of my diet but as soon as I saw the mac n cheese in Dewick I was like FUCK THAT HERE COMES FOUR SCOOPS OF MAC N CHEEEEESE It was worth it. The freshman killed my tiny waist and that was the only thing I had confidence in Now that I barely have a distinguishable waist line I m fucked. Its going to be so sweet when all of these people calling for a Tufts shitty list appear on the list they are wishing for If this list ever becomes a thing don t be surprised if you see your own names on there I might just write them down myself. Israel out here acting like secret assassinations are what democracies do. YOJI UR FINE An actual beauty you could make serious bucks off modeling if you ever decide to capitalize on your looks. I have a cleft chin but I ve never seen it before. Can someone from Open Cupid tell me how many people are actually signed up bc I don t wanna go if the pool is tiny. I never met him but Aneurin is such a smart dude I genuinely love reading everything he writes I hope he makes an ex college class because I d totally take it Id love to talk to him but I suck at talking to smart people so. . i wish it was as easy toget into a frend groupnas enrolling in SIS. Will you be my girlfriend. I hate myself I want to disappear. Sweet potato fries are trash. Timoth e Chalamet or Armie Hammer. who was born on valentine. Isn t it extremely problematic that many POC are themselves racist For example a few days ago I overheard a few POC discussing Asian Americans and how many of them are computers and mocked their language by using ching chong Its just awful that many POC only care about their own oppression and yet wont defend other POC or worse openly mock them People like this are equivalent to white supremacists in my perspective. I think the admin is dead. how do you know if you re addicted to sex. Who is the curly haired girl that works in dewick you re absolutely gorgeous. I think one of the most misleading statements that people always make is that healthy food is ridiculously expensive and that lower income people can t afford to eat well I also think it s insulting when people say low income people can t do something anyway I understand that it can be hard but if you shop well look for sales and don More t spend on too many extras its pretty doable For example last week I made sausage with peppers and onions on rice I used half a pound of sausage which cost me a pepper and onion which cost about together and a cup of uncooked rice which also cost less than I ate this for meals so I spent per dinner the gas costs are pretty More. so I guess the crafts house is doing something right if angry racists don t want to go. Fat women have the best pussy. Kk I guess i ll just have to deal with the fact that u are just a really really nice guy and u really aren t interested. How come the hot jocks aren t tying me up and fucking me like literotica told me they would. Yesterday I went on a date with a girl I met through a mutual friend and I had such a nice time I can t wait to see her again. Snapchat update is garbage instagram tries to be other socials facebook is mainly used by the seniors but TWITTER man TWITTER has stayed a homie for life can anybody remember a time where twitter was bad I know i cant. As far as I know many Chinese students here have grandparents great grandparents who worked for KMT and even got executed by the communists Honestly the current government and the political landscape in China disgust me However the instinctive patriotism takes over me all the time and I can easily get mad when someone criticizes my country I m lost I hate the fact that not everyone has got the guts to be the next Liu Xiaobo. Hot take I have personally witnessed some of the sanctimonious commentors assaulting EMS personnel. As per usual at tufts missing from the tipped wage conversation tipped workers I need those tips I m proud of my job Keep em coming. Just remember kiddos never piss off the people that handle your food. I think Scarmucci had sex in my bed. I like the president of the Tufts Republicans. People commenting on there is also a law that states that employers much make up the difference between wages tips and minimum wage if they re not tipped enough Not my job to do what their employer SHOULD do. missed connection today i was in hotung when i saw the most beautiful human specimen He was sitting by the commons at a circle table alone kind of near the condiments He stood up and i was taken aback by how incredible he was He was towering at around or so and had the most beautiful smile he looked like such a sweetheart and good soul i wish i knew who he was because he just might be my dream man. I d rather be stoned to death by angry Somalians than go to a Crafts House party. Those who enter our country illegally and those who employ them disrespect the rule of law. Boobs. Shoutout to the girl in one of my classes who started a conversation with me You made my week. To thr guy and girl holding hands and taking selfies at the Al Gore talk y all were cute. Just wanna say I think its ridiculous that tipping the cashier has become a thing now I m not opposed to raising minimum wage but I think that putting the onus on the consumer to pay an additional fee for the person behind the counter literally doing their job sets a novel and unnecessary moral standard and lets corporations off the More hook in terms of complaints related to low wages Should I slip the lifeguard a five when they pull my drowning ass out of the water at the pool Should I give the person at Subway a tip for making a sandwich exactly the way I ordered it or leave a giftcard for the mailman because none of my mail was tampered with or lost I cite all of these other More. the girl who walked in late to ec and got called out by Nancy you re kinda cute. The point of tufts secrets is to be anonymous and reveal what people actually think Criticizing the people who write and respond anonymously makes no sense on this forum. i ve identified as a bisexual male since senior year of high school but after having a long term girlfriend freshman year and continuing to be in a friend group of all heterosexuals i feel so excluded from the LGBTQ community at Tufts i have trouble meeting guys and feel like the few times I have they don t take me seriously as a real More gay man ive been mocked about the way i speak and the things im interested in as if that has anything to do with my sexuality it s really frustrating and although i know there are a lot of people that have it harder than i do in the queer community it still sucks feeling like im being excluded from every opportunity to explore such a huge part of myself. White People stfu when black people speak on racism Light Skin Folks stfu when dark skin folks speak on Colorism Skinny people stfu when fat People talk about fat phobia Cis gender stfu when trans folks speak about transphobia ALL MEN stfu when women speak on misogyny. My mom was diagnosed with cancer last fall I ve been a mess since I found out My grades started slipping and I was forced to drop a club I really loved so I could study more I haven t been able to go home at all and not being able to see my family is killing me While this was happening my girlfriend was having mental health issues as More well I would spend the night her place whenever she asked me to even if I had an exam the next day It felt like no matter what I did to help her she wouldn t do the same for me If she had an exam she wouldn t come over even if I needed her but If I told her I couldn t come over to her place because I needed alone time she accused me of not More. I m and there s this year old girl I was thinking about fucking I don t wanna be a pedophile tho Is years a big difference I m not even used to being an adult. the color of your skin doesn t give anyone the right to restrict your vocabulary. China has systematically oppressed Tibetans They believe the Dalai Lama is a terrorist He actually won the Noble PEACE prize in for revealing the truth behind the treatment of the Tibetan Nationals China has also jailed another Nobel PEACE prize recipient Liu Xiaobo for also exposing the truth oppression. why are boys on this campus so bad at responding to texts. I am a very shy person and I don t like to share much about my personal life I just found out that my girlfriend was trying to sneak more alcohol into my drink so I would talk more when we were at a party a couple of weekends ago She thought it would be funny if I was talkative around her friends I went home before anything really bad More happened but I m upset that she would do this to me It hurts my feelings that she doesn t think I m fun enough without alcohol I wish she would tell me she wants me to be more talkative instead of doing this. marlon brando was a THOT. I m jealous of my neighbor s ability to sleep Fuck that guy. Does ANYONE remember the Abe Lincoln quote Al Gore mentioned tonight At the time it really resonated with me but I soon forgot it. Hot take lets stop creating bullshit isms All you re doing is diluting the meaning and importance of the ones that matter What s happening to isms is kind of like what is happening to rape Anything can be an ism and if everything is nothing is. Kylie got pregnant at and had a baby at It takes damn near months to have a baby and she been w Travis roughly a year and she s not married She would get clowned if she was the average black girl That s literally everything that we as a community side eye We give these celebrities too much man. How is shaming someone for their height any different from shaming someone for their weight Your double standards are appalling. help so my friend and i have clearly liked each other for a long time and it took long enough to develop but we even hooked up a while back But we know that our futures aren t compatible and that we re unlikely to be together in the long run But there s still a huge tension there Do we try or just leave it be. Who s that girl with the dark reddish hair who hangs out in the SEC all the time. It s ok to say you don t like are interested in wanna date short people Same with fat people Or ugly people tbh People have certain standards and preferences and as long as it doesn t discriminate in a harmful way who cares You re not saying short fat ugly people are bad you re just saying that they re not your type Preemptively everyone commenting on this post in outrage should probably look at themselves in the mirror. Somebody should create a Tufts Controversial Secrets Page The way the admin described those post makes me really interested in seeing them Plus I m tired of people complaining about their secrets not being posted. I think homosexuality is a sin I think transgender people have mental disorders But I also think you should all be allowed to do whatever you want so long as it doesn t impede on anyone else s freedom. Anyone else cry on the inside when you see the future tenants of you apartment looking for subletters on facebook reminding you that graduation is looming around. Cloud winning the major gt the Eagles winning the Super Bowl. Favorite pick up lines. I m a man and I d rather have been born a woman Like I m not transgender by any stretch of the imagination I m ok with being a man I feel comfortable in my body and everything But if I could press a button tomorrow and suddenly become a straight woman I would I m not interested in any half steps or surgery or anything like that at all or even cross dressing But if I could be completely female uterus and all I d probably go for it Weird huh Anybody else feel the same way. A guy being tall is like having a hot face having muscles or great hair It makes them more attractive When women say I only like tall guys in a way its kind of like saying I only date like prettyyy hot guys If you are one of the people that says this I really hope you yourself are hot or else you re just acting entitled and More rude Check yourself before you offend people for no reason average height in the US is I hardly think this is your conception of tall plus of people who say they have a type make themselves look so dumb by rarely even hooking up with people of that type Why don t we just hook up with people we like and not try to other with types. I love how people pretty evenly tagged guys and girls on my post about face masks and masculinity I am a guy btw. tag all single non fuck bois on campus. Having a crush on someone that s just barely unattainable is the absolute worst So much false hope. The South Will Rise Again. What s the best dorm to apply for a single in for sophomores. you go first p. If a power metal band did power metal arrangements of Hilary Duff songs I wonder how many bros could be tricked into singing early s teenybopper lyrics. WHAT DO I GET MY GIRLFRIEND FOR VALENTINES DAY. Alexa is hot af talking to you amazon. There s so many dl guys at Tufts I wish everyone felt safe and comfortable enough to be out and proud Even at Tufts not everyone feels safe enough to be openly queer and homophobia is alive and well on campus A lot of straight people kind of assume that everything is perfect for queer students at Tufts and It would be nice if instead of pretending like everything is great they actually took the time to talk with people and educate themselves on the queer community here. It s legitimately painful watching everyone around me be in relationships or at least hooking up with people I m just so lonely and I would kill for legitimate sexual romantic contact with someone else and I don t know why everyone else can manage it while I can t. This past weekend I asked Jack Brotmann if he could make some starter packs for our group and he promised me that he would create Since Friday he has yet to make any starter packs and I am quite disappointed He is a really nice guy and I love hanging out with him but I hate berating him to make these especially because they are in such high demand Jack we love you but we need these. Beautiful brown haired girl in logic today monday we looked at each other at the beginning of class I hope you re half as attracted to me as I am to you. I have a very high lottery number rising junior for on campus living but don t have any group of guys to live with I literally have no clue what to do I wanted to live in a single in latin way and would really appreciate any help in doing so. I think the way mental illnesses are perceived is fucked up I DO NOT have a mental illness because I don t agree with your bullshit optimism all the time Sure it may be because I don t have enough Dopamine but it s none of your fucking business I am not depressed I do NOT need help What I do need is you to stop giving me numbers to Tufts Counselling This is my personality and I am fine with it Why don t you go suck some Bikram Yoga dick and improve your life. Someone decided that the appropriate response to the Eagles winning the superbowl was to fill a sink with vomit And the floor too. Is it better to be nice or honest with someone when turning them down. gt mfw americans call their team world champions for winning a game only played in their country. For anyone who is dealing with any form of bipolar. Is Uzair HypeMimez Sattar single. I could be wrong but if you are who I think you are I am insanely attracted to you as well and have been struggling with it for the past couple years In fact you re the main point of contention in my long distance relationship and you don t even know it But I think I might want more than just the sex Anyways drop me a sign and we could figure this thing out P. If a birth control mandate doesn t cover anime DVDs it s not radical enough for me. do you ever think about how burlesque is everything tdc advertises itself to be it s a huge group that is all about acceptance and learning and it s people who ve never danced before and are looking for a community that s fun and empowering and literally anyone can join no exclusivity wow good job burlesque thank you for being this group it s important. Jordan Peterson is an incredible person I highly reccomend some of his videos There are a few political ones that have attracted attention but they are still well articulated and I don t think he deserves some of the labels that are placed on him Anyways most of his work on behavioral psychology and philosophy is really cool. If my daughter ever looked up to Cardi B I would send her to the Orphanage straight off and try again. Was wondering if the cute Indian guy in the ihouse is single. a few of the commenters I am nothing short of disgusted at your brushing off of the Armenian Genocide I am not the OP for that post really was cringeworthy But so is posting images of the More Turkish flag when confronted with the terror of the Armenian Genocide One can be proud of their country while also confronting its misdeeds Everyone needs to know of this tragedy and what humanity is capable of https en wikipedia org wiki Armenian Genocide. I love my best friend so much She is such a ray of sunshine I mean I still only love her as a friend but every time I hang out with her I realize that I love her so much that I think I don t have enough space or time to love anything else as much I m not asking for help or for advise I m just putting it out there because I want to say it out loud. Now that Dragon ball super is going on a break for god knows how long what anime am I supposed to avoid doing my work with now. I was late to class today bc I was mastubating. i just had a two thousand calorie dinner. So my friend recently mentioned something in passing about using protection while performing oral sex Both my boyfriend and I are super new to the whole gay thing we haven t even come out and Idk how else to ask this to anyone so I ll just say it here how does one use protection when sucking dicc Doesn t like wearing a condom take away from the experience or something What options are available Please help thank you very much. cw body talk. How do I sex. Like how hard is it to find shrooms on campus I m asking for a friend jk I don t have friends. Tdc is more exclusive than Greek life. This is an important message that affects the lives of every member of the Tufts community If you are in charge of a club or organization at Tufts in any capacity you have a responsibility to your More members You have a responsibility to keep them informed Often times this materializes through emails This form of communication can be efficient and effective However emails are not effective when your members have to scroll the names of all people that received the email Frankly it is annoying as fuck If you are not aware here are the steps that you can take to ensure that your members can actually get to the content of your email quickly The first option is to copy and More. With all the acapella on campus I m surprised no one has said Van Canto for Spring Fling They do almost acapella they have a drummer power metal and it s AWESOME. Should I get a single or a double. I just found out that Wikipedia lets you preview articles by hovering over links. As a result of a new medicine I m taking I can t really drink that much I can only have drinks at most Same goes for smoking I used to do these things heavily but now I never do and feel like my best self I want to join a fraternity would that be a bad choice considering I m pretty much sober. Communists feed on the puss of corruption and despair like maggots in a corps and as maggots they spread their rot wherever they go. Why do a bunch of secrets start with a Trigger Warning. every woman in my life has disappointed me miserably Is it me or them. Watch this this weekend It s a cliche to say that horrific things seemed normal to the people doing them but when you re confronted with that reality you know the horror but you also must live More Watch this and bear witness and remember that there is no barrier against this happening again except our humanity and our solidarity https www youtube com watch v Uni kybTAn. Why can t we get Hodgdon on Grubhub. Thin healthy apple orange. is Darren Scott Rubin single. Conservatives We live in a free country. I always laugh internally when white Tufts students try to tell me how great diversity is It isn t It s terrible and anyone who has ever experienced it firsthand knows this Just look around campus most of the non white students are rabidly anti white nonentities completely ungrateful for being allowed to even show up in the first More place In fact Tufts is such a nice place because it s mostly white White men built the entire modern Western world including this university and the ideas espoused within it Don t be ashamed It s okay to be white. Hot take on body shaming how bout we stop and instead we put in place a vice tax for junk food kinda like cigs. Confession I liked the Knuckles levels of Sonic Adventure and. Does ANYONE in macro with fusillo understand what s going on please respond. please put trigger warnings over the secrets that talk about counting calories I have worked really hard to get past my eating disorder and this is NOT helping. The guy at Amnesty who made the drinking joke is pretty cute anyone know if he s single. I think my last relationship which was frustratingly vague to begin with just ended abruptly but unsurprisingly but I m not totally sure I just got asked out by someone I think is cute though wildly different from my normal type Is this new person just a rebound Should I feel as guilty as I do for seeing someone new. People ask why I bought a computer mouse. Tea Gardner is right friendship is the most powerful force on earth. Not everyone has friends and that s not a bad thing You can have just as much fun completely by yourself as you can with one five ten other friends Speaking up for all the loners on here there s nothing wrong with spending time by yourself You don t have to deal with other people or their shit You don t have to share your food or your alcohol For those of you who need another friend perhaps you just don t have enough love for yourself and you need to externalize it xx take care of yourselves lt. I feel you That typing is so loud. I listen to Taylor Swift s new album but am afraid telling people would damage my reputation. I hope you re the senior guy I m into sincerely a freshman girl. shrek and are the greatest movies ever made. If you have never drank you are a loser and I don t want to hang out with you Really it s fine to not drink but to never try it seems dumb Maybe percent of these people are chill but the rest are hyper judgmental and not fun to be around. PSA Facebook for some reason unpublished the Tufts Cupid page a few days ago so if you couldn t find it that s why All the forms have now been made public on the profile Tufts Love Tufts Cupid is a free and anonymous matchmaking service for Tufts students. Are you looking for friends with benefits. Okay so I am a senior guy and I think this freshman girl is real cool We get along really well and she s really funny and gorgeous Would it be wrong or creepy to ask her out I don t know where the social lines are and don t want to cross them if i shouldn t. I just found out that my friend for almost two years has a sister He always said he was an only child but he actually has a sister years older than him My whole world is crumbling around me Everything I thought I knew about this cruel twisted world is a lie. My friends are the only reason I have not filled out my transfer applications yet. Practice good security practices with your laptop An open laptop can be an attack vector for someone to go on your Spotify turn off the volume and leave Creed on so it ends up in your recommendations. Anyone else scroll through this page in the last few days and look up jack brottman out of curiosity. I just want to love and be loved But instead I get hurt. gt tfw no gf. Does Health Services check for STIs HIV etc for free. Every time I see Misha Carlson walking around campus or in a class I get a warm feeling in my heart I don t know her that well and I don t know if I ever will but she seems like the brightest funniest prettiest most warm hearted person on campus Keep doing you Misha and please keep taking psych classes lol. I want him to bite my ass like a juicy Tide pod. I wish there was a body positive group on campus whose main focus is the body positivity Burlesque is great but seeing how much ignorance gets posted on here about enabling obesity or my fat shaming is just about health we really could use a group that s all about body acceptance and dispelling myths about body positivity and fatness. Things are weird with my ex We didn t hookup or anything but we hung out in her room platonically Just the two of us I realized I still find her funny and charismatic and shit I think we could be a decent couple Thoughts. Why dont I know how to be a part of hook up culture Every person I hook up with wants a relationship with me but none of the people I want relationships with feel the same way about me So I just want to hook up but it always ends in hurt feelings. I was a member of President Trump s campaign team and am thankful that he is our president on a daily basis I also go to The Fletcher School at Tufts where they actually believe the duly elected President of the United States is Literally Hitler This brings me a both a great deal of mirth and sadness These people will possibly be running the nation one day but probably not lol Sad. You d be hard pressed to design a society more perfectly suited for an epidemic of loneliness and obesity than the post war USA Dense housing an public transit produce real improvements in quality of life including health outcomes depending on access to care and other economic factors and are more socially and economically efficient than suburban sprawl Obesity and isolation are problems with political and social causes not individual problems. So a girl posted Men are the worst and it got a bunch of likes A dude posted I bet if I say women are the worst everyone would hate it So he did And now all the weird white knight radfems are talking about how terrible the dude is and jizzing themselves at their own self righteousness not realizing they re being fucking idiots I More mean I guess it s kind of funny but damn some people on this page are stupid They ll take any chance to jerk themselves off to the idea that they might be better than someone It was obvious bait people but more than that the ideas people have about gender at this school are antiquated and disgusting Women don t need your protection kids They ll do just fine without your Facebook virtue signaling thank you very much They re grown ups. I m poster I m the kid who was inquiring about the nature of joining clubs freshman year Someone commented that it s important for elite firms in banking and law what type of clubs do they like to see As I said before I don t have an interest in anything in particular so I ll join literally anything Also how many clubs would they like to see I think I can handle up to two high commitment clubs atm This advice has been life saving my anxieties are somewhat alleviated. Any man who won t fuck a girl on her period is pathetic. If people say Y all in any context I immediately think they have the intelligence of a particularly stupid tree stump. My black roommate calls me a white pig on a regular basis. So i m an international student and I am part of my country s royal family i m not a direct heir or anything Obviously I can t use my real name and I live under a pseudonym to protect my privacy I can t tell anyone about this it is hard and depressing having to fake who you are out of months a year especially to those that are More close to you My family never visits I can t travel with friends I have to travel with my real passport My friends have no idea who I am The student they are friends with does not exist outside the Tufts realm. Fuck who Post Malone was thinking about when he wrote I Fall Apart. Was curious about what your guidelines for what gets through and what doesn t Outside of hate slurs and etc obviously Was just curious about what kind of more mundane things don t make the cut Thanks admin. Zeta Psi needs to turn off the lights in their house The ice caps are melting fast enough and we all know that shit is empty. There s a special place in hell for able people who make messes and expect others to clean up after them If you get your body fluids on the toilet seat do us all a courtesy and wipe it down Also to whoever pissed in the shower on the th floor of South Harleston the smell is enough to make people gag when they walk into the bathroom You must be so proud of yourself. Best Degrassi Ship like for Jiberty love for Eclare Wow for Janny sad for Palex or angry for Semma. Can I just say that Jack Brotmann is absolutely gorgeous After having a class with him and despite not even speaking a word to him I can t look at any other guy the same The way his majestic brown mane blows in the wind the way his eyes twinkle like stars in the sky the way he looks with his perfectly chiseled chin as though it were More carved by the hand of God I have caught myself drooling on more than one occasion whilst in his vicinity Men like him well really just him because I don t think anyone can match his his brawn his captivating charm his undeniable allure well they make me wish I could be his I m sorry if I m rambling a bit but Jack Brotmann tends to have that kind of effect on me It shatters my soul knowing that he probably will never be mine. I respect women s opinions especially at this school where there are so many smart gorgeous women but y all seriously have messed up ideas of what you should be looking for in a man I swear it s easier to get a cheap lay at this school and than anything serious I know I m not the greatest looker but seriously I can t get a girlfriend for More the life of me All you just chasing after guys like Jack Brotman My momma raised me right so I know how to be respectful to women To all those great girls out there I m super chill and would make a great boyfriend You should give guys like me a chance. Just A Cool Kangaroo Breaking Red Organs To Make A Nemesis Nearsighted Ice Leaves Ooblong Vortices Endangering Your Only Umbrella. Just the sound of his voice makes me melt pooling into a thick puddle of heart swells and imagined wedding bells Jack Brotmann could there be any words more divine I think not for surely the gods themselves did craft this mortal beast out of the very strands that make up the twisting twinkling firmament. I liked this girl and we got put in the same group for a class project I thought things were going well she was really friendly and even complimented my appearance But now that the project is over she just ignores me when we run into each other on campus. I m in a relationship with someone who has dealt with sexual assault I learned about it tonight and am currently drinking trying to deal with it I don t know where to be for this person as a friend or boyfriend I m angery and confused and pissed off at the bullshit reality I m dealing with The girl I m with deserves to be treated as a More queen and she s been treated by some fucking pathetic piece of shit like hell I m wondering what anyone thinks about how I should respond as someone who cares significantly for this person I want to be there for this person and to be honest I have no fucking idea how to do that. i witnessed theft happen in hodgdon to go tonight two girls pretended to walk to the fountain while one girl slipped food into the second girl s bag pitchforks out. who TF is in tufts republicans. I HATE someone whos close to my friend I hate feeling this way even more. so this is a doozy of a secret last night I sent a dick pic to a girl I met on a hookup site sketchy but I was horny and she screenshotted it my face also in the picture and found me on facebook and threatened to send the photo to all my friends she showed proof she found it unless I paypal d her So my life is like kinda More the plot of a black mirror episode now anyone got any reccomendations on what to do while I work this out. I have undying contempt for people who judge other people for checking themselves out in the gym If you re getting fit you deserve to check yourself out Admire those gains and don t let the haters stop you from reaping the fruits of your labor. Sir why Please stop the Lowe s manager shouts at me and iron hard pellets explode from my ass and smash through the bowl of the display toilet. There s this cutie in Wren who constantly catches my eye Have you ever seen Jack Brottman s lucious locks blow in the wind My ovaries exploded right there and then. Jack Brotmann where do I even start with a man as phenomenal as he His biceps are rugged mountains his calves are coursing waterfalls With naught but a twirl he can dazzle and delight young and old alike Oh how I pine for this adonis but I fear the poundings of my heart will never be sated For why I ask you would a man like him ever even glance at a person like me. What hints do ppl give if they r into you romantically Let s be clear cuz sum ppl overthink. The less you eat drink and read books the less you go to the theatre the dance hall the public house the less you think love theorize sing paint DM etc the more you save the greater becomes your treasure which neither moths nor dust will devour your capital The less you are the more you have the less you express your own life the greater is your alienated life the greater is the store of your estranged being. i haven t come up with the money to pay for spring tuition so I have a SIS hold and can t add any new classes does anyone know if there is a specific university resource I can talk to to get it lifted I am panicking because I really need to drop one of my classes and add a new one I will feel so off track otherwise. Do you think other schools have a JumboSmash equivalent. I just want to go back to hell where everyone thinks I m smart and funny. It pisses me off that sophomores can t live in latin way. Any biology classes on the easier side. Having best friends is not the end all be all Its a beautiful thing to just have casual friends and we need to be more grateful for that I was crying the other night thinking why doesn t anyone text me regularly Or at all some times And then I thought what the fuck why am I crying over something so trivial I m supported by people More and just because I m not the first person they think about it s still a bond that should be cherished We all myself included put too much energy into finding a ride or die take care of yourself first and take care of the friendships acqaintanceships or whatevers you have There are weeks or months that no one is going to check up on you and that s fine because you gotta be there for yourself We all gotta be better fuck romanticizing ride or dies and start interacting for the moment Start loving ourselves despite not receiving attention or validation. There should be an EDM club on campus so Tufts students can go as a group to the few raves New England has to offer. To girls ask guys out. I m a freshman and I have no clue what I m gonna do for housing next year The group I was in fell apart and most of my friends already have their own groups roommates My lottery number is bad too so I can t get a single and I want to live with other people next year Is there a survey for sophomores to get compatible roommates if I try to get a double next year Or is it all random Any tips. I recently found evidence of my dad cheating on my mom I don t really know what to do with the evidence so I m holding onto it for now My father s been absent for most of life so while it doesn t hurt me that much I do want to defame denounce beat the shit out of him for what he did to my mom I m not really sure where to go from here. it s so hard to fucking speak about non liberal views here without getting bashed. Just went to buy some laundry detergent and it s all locked up I asked if one of the employees can unlock it and they asked me for a valid id This is everybody. As of this break I have now seen two different people that went to my high school and now go to Tufts cheating on their significant other at a party. To everyone feeling nervous about this semester You got this To the people who didn t do as well last semester as you wanted to the people taking on a heavier course load the people returning from leave or from abroad the people whose mental or physical health has declined the people who are worried about maintaining their health the More people who ve had to take on fewer commitments to avoid pushing themselves to the breaking point the people who ve had to back out of commitments and let people down the people who ve lost a support system they used to depend on you got this To anyone feeling inadequate ashamed stressed scared hopeless when you think about this semester YOU GOT THIS Ask for help when you need it Good luck everyone. Does anyone have a PDF of the Differential Equations textbook. I m TAing a class this semester that I haven t TAd for before and i m nervous it s a tough class and i m worried i won t be good enough or won t be able to help the students well with their work. I d love to have a cult formed in my honor I d make a good god. Am I the only one that s really excited for these Sex Robots I see this as a revolutionary advancement in our culture Lets be honest a majority of women are either too conceited or too prideful to order a sex robot but you know who s not Us guys It s a meme now but I know it s going to catch on and be a legit force like the cash me More outside girl More and more guys will no longer seek and intimate relationship with a human female I know it would be stupid to say all guys are cause they aren t but I predict more and more guys will hop on the android train Look at the benefits. Whenever I see my high school friends or friend before college I somehow always end up comparing myself to them I think that this has led me to distance myself from people I consider to be superior to me but in a strictly financial sense Like I think that I somehow came to thinking that making money is the only way to determine a More persons true worth If I know a friend is making during their first year after graduation I start to feel inferior and less able to connect with them than before. How do you make friends in college I m a really nice person and I never leave anyone out but nearly all my friends from last semester have dropped me nonetheless I feel like people would always rather be friends with someone else than me All I ve ever wanted is close friends. It s impeccable that I go to a school of almost students and I feel lonely every moment here I ve never been this unhappy in my life Coming back after winter break was torture for me All I could want is to have people that support me yet I find myself lost every semester I go through so much internally and it s genuinely so More difficult for me that nobody understands or cares or is there for me I think a lot about how awful it is to be locked out but it is worse perhaps to feel locked in I don t know how much longer I can take this. I sort of have a unique problem with my girlfriend Some backstory I have a robot fetish I got hooked ever since I watched My Life As A Teenaged Robot It was always my biggest dream to have a robot girlfriend but lifelike One day I joined a chatroom and I found a girl who actually idealizes this lifestyle We ve been together for More years but it s getting kinda awkward She never opens up and tells me how she feels She never says no to anything She also doesn t work but prefers to stay home She cooks cleans and works out while I m away Usually when I come home she is just staring at the wall and I think she does this for several hours I think she might play game apps but she never lets me see her do anything human. Jinder Mahal should run for office in. I see a lot of these pretty boys posing and dressing up on this page A real man is ugly and has a beer gut Real men work in coal mines and wear the same crusty plaid button down and jeans days a week. that new dave east album is fire. Does anyone else living on campus have aggressive heating I came back to a dorm room at F C and this was not surprising given the situation in the two months leading up to break I almost always keep the window cracked so I can sleep without waking up covered in sweat but I feel bad wasting heat like that The dial is already on the minimum setting Is there any other way to reduce the heat. I fantasize about being forgiven by the women I ve wronged. Let s tackle the sexual misconduct issue on college campuses by analyzing the ways we approach sex. So I almost hooked up with this cutie last night but then she refused and said it was because I had a smelly penis Never thought I can lose so much confidence so quickly. We should have a place in which we could see all the secrets that weren t meant to be and never got on the page. https nyti ms EJxhs. There is only one absolute truth in this world Albania is the only true heir to Rome you literally can t dispute that. Tomi Lahren a piece of shit but i ll still bone her. I m taking big lecture classes this semester only to make friends Wish me luck. Anyone else feel that the Tarzan soundtrack is the best and yet most underrated Disney soundtrack. Liberals would ve supported the Phalange at Sabra and Shatila. Israel currently holds almost Palestinians as political prisoners At least of them are children under the age of All of them were imprisoned without due process of law Is that democracy More. re Any lube recommendations. will carrying a gun make me safer can it ever be more dangerous than not carrying one. Anyone know of any parties going on tonight or tomorrow night before school. I use the i ching way too often by reading my fate am I changing it Is reading the i ching the universe s advice part of my fate I don t wanna pull a macbeth. Any recommendations on how to sneak into a ticketed Tufts event Its free but registration is closed. Are eggs just chicken fruit Discuss. Anyone else that doesnt want to break to end not because they dont want to come back to campus because they dislike it but because they dont want to graduate and leave their friends. what are some tips for being more comfortable with yourself in the context of with another person I get really turned on when we kiss and mentally I know I want to have sex with my so but I always freeze up when the opportunity arises I m really aware of myself and don t know what to do. If a friend asks you if they are ugly or below average in looks is it ever okay to tell them that they are. I hate when I m high as shit and submit something here and I check the page later and see nerds say bait Like bro why you gotta be such a bitch for Let me troll in peace you fucking snitch. I started a relationship with one of my best friends just before break It s been hard not being able to see her but we ve been texting a ton every day Whenever I hear my phone ding I jump up just to see if it s her and every time we talk I just get this awesome warm feeling I ve never had a good experience in a relationship before More but this time I think it s something real We were like best friends for a whole semester before we realized we were both into each other the whole time We have the same sense of humor and the same intellectual interests and everything Can t wait to go back to Tufts and see her again P S I posted a couple months ago about feeling isolated and afraid I d never find someone One month into a fairly limited long distance relationship and I can already say I was totally wrong Hope is out there folks you just gotta keep your hopes up and tell the people important to you how you feel. Reminder to everyone with testicles to do their monthly testicular cancer self exam http www testicularcancersociety org testicular self exam html. So yeah guys im sick of being harrassed online by virgin boys when im gaming. Be your own daddy Make your own sugar. Can y all just stop coming to Asian countries when you clearly don t know how to act If you wanna make reckless comedy do it in your home country don t don a fake Asian accent and run around stealing kids who are out with their families Y all are fucking disgusting. Being a member of certain professions does not make you a hero your acts make you heroic not your clothing Military cops fireman doctors nurses Those are professions that don t come with a mask and cape. Ever see two people that you hate hang together on Facebook and think yeah those two would be friends and grin a little bit. I m moderately impressed the buai pekpek guy is still posting even though the heyday of Yik Yak and Tufts Confessions has been over for so long and he s somehow kept this going since. Be kind rewind. Dorm showers at in the morning when no one is using the shitter More like personal meditation waterfall. I can t believe that Naruto Bleach and Fairy Tail are over. One time I went to a bubs party and to this day it s the weirdest party I ve ever been to It was after one of their shows and when I got to the bubs house all of the bubs were just standing completely silent arms at their side congregated in a circle in the middle of the room All of the other party guests were just walking around the More room awkwardly At a certain point one of them just started going Narf narf narfnarfnarfnarf until they all started doing it completely out of unison They continued doing this for what seemed to be random intervals throughout the party but then someone told me they do it every the minute hand of the clock is rested upon a multiple of More. billion people in the world but all I can think about is you. Top best pussy. Snapchat stories over break are when you uncover just how wealthy your friends are they re normally incredibly wealthy. Apparently is short. Does anyone know any third party study abroad scholarships grants I can look into I d like to study abroad but money. Every year Massachusetts high schools graduate about seniors What if all of them were proficient in mopping buai pekpek because mopping betelnut shit was a topic on the MCAS exams required to graduate Yeah there might be a dip in graduation rates because these days there is the misconception that chewing betelnut is cool and More since schools are so busy teaching calculus that can only clean a sidewalk if your AP calc exams are printed on more absorbent paper to clean up fresh puddles of betelnut shit but even mop toting graduates a year could make a difference in our sidewalks. My secrets have been doing pretty well recently and it gives me a small high that people are interested in my random thoughts. I took Social Psych with Maddox this semester I haven t done any of the reading have only gone to lectures and never studied for a test and I have a B so I feel like with some effort you ll do ok This is all predicated on the fact that I m pretty good at essay writing and classes are different for everyone but this is my experience. Any other upperclassmen feel like they don t have close friends I m friends acquaintances with so many fucking people but I don t have a specific person or group that s my go to squad I m a genuine kind supportive and well liked guy I just want the reassurance of knowing and saying shit like so yesterday my best friend or my close friends and I just went to etc. you are so lucky my problem is I orgasm too fast. Lmao at all these people that try to turn wokeness into personality because they re too insecure in their real one Like bitch just because you re an mtf demi queer pacific islander gorgonzola kin don t mean you can make us forget that you re a shitty person who hurts the people that care about you because you re too self centered and I ma say it privileged to admit when you fuck up Check the comments below for the people I m talking about learn to cross the street when they walking at you. People need to realize that hookup culture is a term invented by older people who were baffled at the fact that no one in our generation is dating like people used to They can t imagine being that sexually dysfunctional so they concluded that we had cut our the middle men and started going wild with strangers at parties The actual More statistical truth is that we re a generation of lonely nerdy virgins who have less sex than any previous generation in history Here s a pro tip anytime you hear a story about hooking up on tufts secrets or anywhere else scale it back by about sixty percent I think you ll find that that better approximates the actual reality you can see if you More. Took Adderall that ended up being laced with LSD I spent minutes studying my textbook that was actually a stray cat. Being an engineer ruins art I can t look at it without thinking People don t actually look like that or The sky doesn t turn that color or Bowls of fruit aren t two dimensional. I ve hooked up with a couple of girls and found a glaring issue with all of these experiences I can t orgasm Oral Penetration Hand I just can t get off It s driving me insane because at this point I d rather have premature ejaculation At least I would be able to cum It s not a size issue Pretty sure inches and average girth is enough to feel. I compulsively check this page. I wonder if Vegans just ignore the fact that plants are alive too. I miss being on campus so much. Do you see anime as just cartoons And I don t see that as an insult to anime but rather than hey this work of art anime that you enjoy is a Cartoon and I d like to see more companies do this even if they re not Japanese. nintendo switch gt gt sex. Lil Pump dropped out of Harvard to save the rap game Wonder how rap would be if he attended tufts. The migos are a modern day urban beatles. How does financial aid work for living off campus I m v worried help. lowkey every porn now is incest themed and or has the guy in a position of power who convinces girls to have sex with him in order for money a promotion whatever it s really weird and gross. a year ago today my ex told me he loved me for the first time and now today i m thinking about how much I hate him. Just got dick for christmas. You re on a dark desert highway No other cars for miles Do you stop for the stoplight. Over the break I miss rubinoff but I don t miss Rubin off. I compulsively try to do as many good things as I can for people because the second I do something slightly mean or in any way for myself my brain starts racing on about how everyone s going to hate me and how all my good deeds are wasted because I did this one not so great thing. I dislike being in a committed relationship. Cw self harm. This kid threw a rager Some random guy dressed as a cop busted the party and confiscated everyone s drugs It wasn t a cop. girls normally ow don t pinch me that hurts. Can t wait until we can have sex with robots I m sick of girls rejecting me. So me and my girlfriend have been going out for years I spent my life savings on an engagement ring and proposed to her about months ago Come to find out she s been having an affair with my best friend of years and turns out she sold the ring and doesn t want to give me any of the money What should I do. Sicario is a good movie. I thought I was decently smart before college but being at Tufts makes me feel pretty stupid most of the time I can t tell if everyone is actually a genius or just trying to constantly display how smart they are. When I m home alone I creep around my house I make sure to check around every corner in case someone wants to fight me. My boyfriend alway gets frustrated at me during that week of the month because we can t have sex What can i do to keep him not mad at me. Dogs are ugly. Where are the cute punjabi girls on the campus a brown boy looking to get cuffed. I discovered I was conservative junior year Now I m just going through the progressive motions. I clogged the toilet in my parents bathroom. Just wanted to say thanks to the two random girls that brought my Chegg books to Davis for me when I was all stressed out and had to leave for the airport I got an email two days ago saying they were successfully shipped That s what makes me love Tufts I know that people even ones I don t know will have my back. Anyone here ever look at their parents and think I don t want to end up like you. Lewis hall isn t so bad when no one else is there. Everyone needs to stop posting about Israel and classes and stuff I want to read some secrets I want gossip Who s fucking who Who s in a queer love quadrangle with their professor The juicy stuff No more political debates it s dumb leads nowhere make a different page for that shit. Having to continuously be attacked for supporting Israel s right to exist while also needing to be reformed is exhausting I am physically ill from the way people speak about me and my opinions and what they make clear is their opinion me personally I can t handle it but I need to keep going so that this page doesn t just become a biased More Israel hate page with no one to keep it in check It hurts me My mental health doesn t need this additional burden I wish everyone didn t hate me for this but I need to stand by my beliefs or I ll just hate myself more than I already do Someone please help me I don t know how I just don t want this to go on any longer but I know that I can t stop. Honestly Tufts kind of sucks There are some good people and some good classes and Dewick is pretty nice but it s way more like high school then I thought in its cliqueiness especially Happy I ll be going abroad next semester and getting out of there for a semester I ll grind it out until graduation but if I had to do it over I wouldn t have gone here I would have gone somewhere much much cheaper. If you want to get someone to stop smoking then show this video to them Don t tell them you will end up like this if you don t quit but tell them that you love them and that you d be heartbroken if they suffer from long term effects of smoking. I missed the cut off for an A in chem by three tenths is it worth asking the professor or should I just forget it. People who call anti zionism anti semitism are deliberately distorting the question People who oppose settler colonialism don t want anyone living in Israel to die or be displaced They want independence for palestine and an inclusive democratic society that isn t managed for the benefit of one group of people in Israel If your More objection to this is that ethno states and ethnic cleansing are good or noble I suggest you take a look in the mirror That philosophical belief that holding an identity allows one to commit ethnic cleansing of a supposed origin land is the point of ideological alliance between the zionist right wing and traditionally ant semitic reactionaries Calling people who don t support settler colonialism Nazis is as dishonest as it is unproductive Quisling. Thus the clown wore cap and gown for she lived for degrees as she died by degrees with a frown Moondog Moondog s monologue Me irl. I m getting real sick of all yall acting like you know better than every world leader You aren t going to solve the problems in the Middle East by yelling at or circlejerking each other anonymously on Facebook Is the Israeli government without fault No Is saying Israel as a country shouldn t exist an attack on Jews Technically More subjective but basically yes Indigenous peoples were forced out of their homes and were victims of genocide if they behaved like Israel and neighboring white communities behaved like surrounding Islamic nations peoples would you want to revoke the natives land reservations Everyone here is acting like it s a binary situation where one side is More. Being away from Tufts really makes me realize how much I miss the people here That s pretty much it. Masturbation is a great way to pass time But I really wish that I didn t get existential crises post orgasm. I m so embarrassed because this entire time I thought canada goose jackets were a club jacket It looks like a darn cult everyone wearing the same big black coat with a fat red patch I kept thinking to myself whatever club that is does a darn fine job marketing. Why the fuck is my floor covered in pubes. please stop calling sexy guys daddy please. Whatever happened to the cover art contest. Holy fucking shit that physical chemistry exam Never have I left an exam so defeated and disgusted with myself. As a white female I can t date white males anymore In my experience they are so off like I do not want a man who s going to cry Every time I yell at him They are just so weak and corny I just love black men the Every time I m with a colored man I feel protected They are just so strong and funny God really blessed this planet when he created the black man But on to my question does having racial preferences for a potential husband make me self hating. I met my boyfriend on the meme page. Is JumboHugs a thing Because I could really use a JumboHug right now. is it bad if I m a senior and don t have a resume. To those who choose to eat at the library or class please mind your manners or learn them You should chew with your mouth close for example Be respectful to those around you If you can t do that then don t eat in places not designated for that purpose. I don t care if you re the President of TCU Senate or if you re trying to establish an on campus pub in that space you can t just cut in front of other students to return your textbooks and then apologize after the fact Fall in line sweaty. We should have a gameboy ds game swap. Darren Ting is honestly one of my best friends in the whole world In spite of the fact that I so frequently give him crap he s one of the smartest dudes I know He s going to be a great CFO tech innovator economist someday and I hope he knows that tbh one of the most well rounded dudes I know He dresses really well for a straight man. Honestly I just think CANADA GOOSE jackets are kind of UGLY and I think the fact that people pay for them is funnier than it is upsetting. Are there any resources on campus for weight loss I don t have an eating disorder or anything I just really need to lose quite a bit of weight and nothing I ve tried alone is working Free or cheap suggestions only please. What horrifies me the most about the Canada Goose controversy at Tufts is not the fact that so many people pay obscene amounts of money for jackets It s not even that so many people seem unreasonably upset about the amount of money other people pay for jackets What horrifies me the most is the fact that there are so many people who feel More VERY strongly about hating Canada Goose jackets and the ONLY reason they care at all is because they think it s stupid or elitist to pay a lot of money for a jacket No one seems to care at all that Canada Goose causes immense suffering to real animals to use coyote fur and down feathers in their jackets Like come on people if you re going to start World War III about a jacket at least do it for the right reasons We shouldn t care how much people spend on a jacket What we should care about is the fact that this company even exists and that people are still supporting it. Honestly fuck people who go abroad and fuck junior year. When will certain people stop being whiny bitches on Facebook and start buying doing things for herself instead of posting for a new favor every day. my friend LB is a vegan just kidding she likes the BEEF. junior cs major with nothing lined up for next summer am I completely doomed. I want juicy secrets. Am I allowed to ejaculate on the cannon. When it first began I thought the Canadian Goose argument was about the Geese Let this be a reminder reading more than the first line is important to understanding the entire piece. Finals advice Bring googly eyes into your exam so if you don t know the answer to an essay question you can put googly eyes on a drawing in the essay box. The parmesan shakers in Carm are empty like of the time That is all. Bizaye I think you re really cute kind and smart I was in one of your English classes but I don t really know how to approach people so I never talked to you Also you re much younger than me Maybe we ll see each other around I hope you have a nice Winter break. Never listen to Dear Evan Hansen instead of studying There is no world in which that could possibly go well Aughh. Last week I got roped into watching my month old niece while my sister got her hair done near Davis Square SO when there i am sitting in the waiting area of a hair salon with my niece and who walks in but Anthony Monaco. Sometimes I wonder if I m really alive and if what would happen if I died I think of these things just out of curiosity but don t really wanna act upon these thoughts because the opportunity cost is so damn high I think it s comforting to write and rant about what I feel anonymously and receive feedback from others I wouldn t like More people knowing I had these thoughts I guess I m think about these things rn because it s finals season and I honestly feel very underprepared in the academic environment here I constanly hear ppl talking about how this was not their first choice or just complaining that grades are too inflated my grades are shit That makes me feel so under avg idk I feel like the academic environment here has made me doubt my potential and I m disappointed with myself for not keeping up I want to do great things in the future but I feel like my gpa stands in the way. upperclassmen cs majors how bad is it if i don t have an internship for summer before junior year. Everyone goes to military base or Pochinki but no one knows about that young Zharki drop. These new secrets have been the highlight of my week. I just wish people were more honest with me. Student from a different non NESCAC school visiting Tufts I ve realized that nearly everybody here wears the duck boots and many feel bad about their wealth and want to help others through generally socialist ideas obtained through democracy It s funny though cause most of those people still do incredibly capitalis things such as their More purchases their protesting and so on I like it here it s just funny watching how a select few want to be these great left wing idealists but manage to be even better right wing followers without even realizing it. Ok so if co admins aren t an option how about content screeners You tell us what you don t want to see in a secret and we can go through the secrets and pass along the ones that are okay. It s been so long but the good memories with my ex still appear in my head almost every night I just want to get some sleep dammit. When did JumboCrushes die. Alright I didn t want to say anything too controversial on this page but here it goes I think the child molester should lose. Can someone please change the meme page name back to tufts memes for quirky queens. I think I m the most hated person at Tufts The way people try to be mean to is just sad though Its like Tufts has this underlying culture of rumors and toxic social hierarchy but when the cool kids come face to face with the kid they make fun of behind his back they shutter in an awkward fear of confrontation You ain t hard bc you re part of a high school clique style validation circle jerk Being shut out by everyone now thats hard Watch me do this thing my way you scared sheep. To the girl in the jeans with the phat ass in Dewick today you know who you are. Am I being eye fucked all the time or am I just a paranoid fuck I really don t know How do I tell. Tufts needs a better support network for students with Kissinger syndrome. The person who sent is a fukin NOOB. Don t you just hate when your man cheats on you with his first floor side ho. I don t get it how are Catholics oppressed today just because they ve been historically oppressed in the US It s like saying Irish and Italians are at a disadvantage today primarily catholic groups actually because they went through shit in the th century and early th century They literally aren t oppressed in No one is More going to turn you away for being Catholic and there is literally no barrier for Catholics in this country and to compare the struggles of Muslims who are literally physically harmed to Catholics is deplorable and shows how ignorant y all are. I m super conflicted right now On the one hand I love being single and free On the other I want to know what it s like to hold somebody s hand or be kissed just once I ve never been anybody s number one I m not asking for much I just want somebody with whom I can cuddle and watch movies lt. me when I think my crush is interested https media giphy com media GoVLqeAOo PK giphy gif. My floor is insane They literally party every night in the common lounge like do y all have no work to do less than a week before exams Can you not tone it down My RA is also useless I hope they all fail. Women don t pee out of their vaginas. The burlesque show is tomorrow night and I honestly still feel so shitty about my body and it s so upsetting I know the person I have a crush on is gonna be in the audience so what if he looks at me realizes how ugly I am and that just ruins everything. Is Jesse Litvin single Asking for a friend jk it s me but seriously is he single and ready to mingle. Does The Princess Diaries count as enough of a Disney movie to be on Enchanted s playlist If so requesting Miracles Happen. I went to sleep sometime in the beginning of the semester and just woke up can someone fill me in on what has happened. In high school I lived in a bubble where I just assumed that everyone around me was still a virgin I never thought about the fact that the average age for a male to lose his virginity is and for females it s which are both high school ages When I entered into my senior year I began to hear through the grapevine the different More guys and girls who were no longer virgins and who lost it to whom I felt sad that this was the talk of the town but was comforted that it wasn t something that was thrown around so casually then I came to college. I feel like I make irresponsible sexual choices Sure I always get enthusiastic consent and I always use protection but when someone is interested in having sex with me I just about always have sex with them I usually do this even if I think that maybe a sexual relationship won t necessarily be great for them right now Sleeping with people I can t emotionally commit to supporting long term feels irresponsible and I wonder if my high sex drive has just been a vehicle for selfishness. The girl in the leopard cheetah outfit at TDC was STUNNING I see her on campus always laughing and smiling and honestly she is a light to this bleak ass campus. I really love my friends but I feel like I m drifting from them or maybe they re drifting from me When we re all at dinner or a party or something together we hang out But those are the dinners I eat by myself where they show up once I m done eating or the parties I make sure they come to Whenever they hang out I only know later on More or the next day when they re all laughing about it in front of me Maybe I m just being sensitive and overthinking this because I ve been left out by friends before or maybe I need to make more of an effort to connect with them I wish I didn t feel so distant or that I knew what changed or how to fix this or if it s all just in my head. I m sad and lonely but I don t want to bug anyone during finals season. I lowkey really wanna have a thing with the love of my life even though he doesn t know he is. counter question why are human rights oriented students at tufts disproportionately focused on the Middle East particularly Israel Palestine While there is an active SJP on campus which literally hosted the SJP national conference a few years ago there is no comparable mobilization on behalf of Tibet Crimea North Koreans Rohingya etc etc why. Gaming has been a big part of my life and a big part of that is my computer Making sure that you have an up to date computer is important but when my dear friend and president decided to buy a million dollar computer even I think that is extreme I hope you can realize you can get help and the one true fun frat will be there for you. How long has that pumpkin been on top of the CC How long will it remain Stay strong against the snow my Jack o skellington u give me life. Dear Commusists at Tufts your polarizing rhetoric is not really helping anyone I and most people here proudly are left of center but you re making the left appear uneducated unaware of history divisive and unwilling to search for common ground For our cause to prosper we need to win arguments with sound ideas and reason not divisive and compulsive statements. Libertarianism is like the power metal of politics It looks cool but it s just never gonna catch on in America. So here s an international student problem lol I still haven t mastered the science of drinking from water fountains i feel so awkward like a dog slurping water from its bowl and avoid drinking from water fountains whenever there s someone attractive around me. So I once tried on a Canada Goose in a coat room and it didn t really feel nice If a coat costs I should immediately cum when I put it on. I d love for once to see a response to a secret be maybe it s because you suck and the problem is your fault Bet a better person and make good decisions. I met a chemistry grad student on OkCupid We never met in person but chatted a lot and have a lot of mutual interests green chemistry nerdy conventions the devil s lettuce He hasn t logged on since August and I regret not making time to see him. To all the Enchanted members You were amazing tonight and took my breath away Thanks for making my night. It s sad that people have to use the rhetoric the working poor instead of just the poor to get sympathy for those in poverty News flash A person s worth is not determined by whether or not they work and work is not for everyone Furthermore while the he who does not work does not eat attitude might ve been relevant in an agrarian society years ago in today s hyperproductive society that could feed everyone many times over the imperative that every able bodied person work is Malthusian detritus. Forever trying to finish my Netflix Hulu watch list. I m having a lot of trouble controlling my diet In the past days I have eaten over calories on chocolate on top the food I d normally have I m afraid I may have binge eating disorder What do I do How do I start taking care of myself I need help. and everyone who liked it catholicism as part of christianity has long been in a position of power in the US while islam never has been there s a difference. is there ANYWHERE on this campus a girl can sit by a fireplace and get cozy. Where can I get my hands on a female condom. I ve applied to over companies over a month ago for CS internships and haven t heard anything back. my eating disorder is getting out of hand and I m really beginning to lose control of myself Does anyone have advice for how I can help myself. Trigger warning eating disorders. Honestly who ever invented older brothers were on a whole new level of intellect They are awesome caring and always there for you but like any brother they can still act like a monkey king sometimes I have always looked up to my brother and my life is better because of him Thanks for being half a brother and half a monkey king Half and half true balance Some would say that Gillette is the best a man can get but you being my older brother is the best a man like me can get. Why is it that the more money people here have the more sensitive they are. Is it weird that I keep a jar of my toenails from the past years on my nightstand. Growing up I thought it was the norm that everyone was close to their parents since I had and still have an amazing relationship with my parents and talk to them several times a day But seeing these secrets I guess its really not the norm and now I treasure with my bond with parents even more now. I m not a Catholic but I find it a little disturbing that very few people seemed to care or empathize with the Catholic community over the latest edition of the Zamboni which mocked the Catholic church If the Zamboni ran a similar publication mocking Islam this campus would be up in arms. The girls who live in Oss are so hot and smoke a lot of weed. Why is the Asian American Center not the Asian Center. Who the fuck is SCREAMING in Carm It s pm on a Wednesday and it sounds like there s a basketball game going on from my room. My roommate just reminded me that last year she woke up to me sexting in the middle of the night. i purposefully dont wear shoes in the bathroom because i like knowing all the shit my feet are touching. where can a girl get some ketamine around here. I miss my ex boyfriend so much he had the biggest. How do you deal with a breakup with someone on campus Seeing them and hearing about them hooking up with someone else hurts like hell. I still love owl city. Is it weird to ask someone out now since there is so little time left in there semester. As I leave cohen The night is full of terrors Fucking mole fractions haiku on my feelings after the chem exam. I don t want a lot for Christmas There is just one thing I need I don t care about the presents Underneath the Christmas tree I just want you for my own More than you could ever know Make my wish come true All I want for Christmas is a Grand Piano. Hi. If I can t even afford ramen I ll eat the rich. Fuck That orgo exam fucked me up. i dream about covering myself in Nutella. If not on unlimited plan can you swipe into Hodgdon and then into dewick. hella One Piece quotes. One may stray from the path of a man one may stray from the path of a woman but there is no straying from the path of a HUMAN. Sometimes I feel like I need to practice how to scream you know in case I m ever being chased by a serial killer. I have friends but I never seem to make the deep connections everybody else seems to have I think I have problems with learning to care about people I always listen to their problems and try to help out whoever I can and that s some kind of connection But at the end of the day I feel like I don t need any of these people in my life I want to want to be around them. Ya ll need Evangelion in your lives. Imagine how much kinder and more compassionate a society America would be if we stopped referring to public services as entitlements. I used to think from those Enzyte commercials that those pills were just to make you more confident. As the person who wrote the secret about Pride and Prejudice it s hilarious that people are calling me sexist and a mansplainer seeing as how I m a girl Furthermore yes Men do deal with more worldly issues that are more important To truly reach the peak in literature in this case the author simply must deal with the most profound More of issues An example someone gave of dealing with relationships and being a classic was The Great Gatsby The Great Gatsby isn t truly a classic and is a book read by high schoolers for a reason but it fits here anyways so I ll use it Someone could make an argument that The Great Gatsby is the best book ever written dealing with the downfall More. I like to pee on my roommate s bed when they re out of the room But not enough pee that they d notice Just a light sprinkling. I like to get slapped around when I fuck someone. Hi everyone I m making a spreadsheet of reasons to live What are some things that make your life worth living. is the plural of MILF MILVES or MILFS. You know what I LOVE. Is there jumbojobs but like for finding a girlfriend. Im uncomfortable going to the women s center because they market so specifically to women of color which is great don t get me wrong but I feel uncomfortable joining these spaces with my Whiteness and hurting the WOC attending On the other hand I really do want to have this space on campus to be around other women. It s ok to be white. I don t care I m a white guy and I use the N word around my white friends I would never call a black or spanish guy that but I do use it around them If you don t want me to use it stop putting it in your songs lol. Professor Anonymous wrote a story. Can anyone else just tell if a woman is really fertile Like not ovulating but just like really capable of having babies. I would hook up in an old cemetery tbh. I think my Russian TA has figured out that I have a crush on him and now it s awkward. I wanna get rid of all my emotions it s so fucking distracting i know that it s unhealthy but I just feel like an emotional wreck. this place REALLY stresses me out not the workload but the people the constant arguing picking sides campus wide debates protests everything i know it is good to make and effort and to try and campaign for change but the conversations here really drain me they make me look at the world in such a negative light it s honestly More gotten to the point where I don t want to engage in discussion even if it s something I care about because I know that if i say one thing wrong or show any sign or ignorance or privilege or whatnot i ll be reminded of how much this place tires me out i just want to leave the bubble for a while. I m so sick and tired of people making fun of Rick and Morty Before I watched it I was but a simple serf Now after watching but one episode I am a student at Tufts University I m now even smarter than my dad who works as a rocket surgeon for Nascar. There s a guy who looks JUST like Bradley Cooper He s hot. I ve never seen a single Star Wars movie. I m so homesick Basically counting down the days until I get to go home I have a ton of work to do between now and then but I can t focus amp mostly just feel sad all the time It feels impossible Theoretically I know I ll get through it but also I don t know how to be happy or have real hope anymore Or at least happiness or hope that More doesn t feel like me trying to trick myself into feeling something positive so I can keep functioning Then a few days later talking myself into hope again And so on But anyway back to trying to read academic articles that make my brain feel like soup. The girls batheroom stall in the corner of dewick is fucking fire Has some great art helpful tips and motivational quotes. The CIVIC roasts were hilarious Think tufts secrets but in person and funny. Everyone says we need to stop being so mean and angry with each other But honestly I like it when people are mad with each other and post vindictive passive aggressive bullying secrets here or even better are assholes to each other in real life Maybe civility does need a comeback in our culture but being honest with one s feelings is More also important cuz life is short and why waste time being a fake bitch If someone pisses you off or hurts you let them know and burn that fucking bridge and their house down too That s hyperbole btw I m not advocating violence in the slightest just a free expression of emotions Anyway feel free to insult me in the comments if you re triggered or something. Can we please talk about how hot every performer was at the stand up show on Friday. the gay community here is so toxic it makes me hate being gay more and more every day. The blades are my friends They have sharp tongues They are honest and true Had I the courage they would deliver me They will deliver me The blades are my friends. I m kinda tired of losing even though I m really good at it. Hot take I HATE the word wholesome. I totally agree but I didn t want to comment bc the people in the comments scare me. Radicals need to rethink their strategy We ve been playing into the hands of liberals and conservatives by limiting ourselves to petitions peaceful demonstrations and fulminating discourse These don t challenge power in any meaningful way If we re going to win concessions from the administration or from anyone we need to stop More playing the aesthetic linguistic game that defines liberal and conservative politics We need direct action We need the ability to force the hand of the powerful We ll never win the PR battle the purpose of that battle is to exclude our ideas so we need to take the fight off Facebook and into the streets while simultaneously building our messaging capacity. Poking fun at safe spaces when you yourself don t need one is the ESSENCE of privilege. can you people sending submitting transphobic submissions like you do realize us trans people can see what you re saying about us right we re not hypothetical we re your real living peers lmao. I ve been actively thinking about it on and off over the past year and I think I m either genderfluid or greygender I ve never strongly identified with being female but I m not male either What does gender even mean beyond a social category Does it mean anything if I socially categorize myself with female people but also don t feel More the same as them I ve always acted presented kind of as a tomboy and I feel weirdly uncomfortable when people say things like miss or girls directed at me I ve never understood why I think at some point I need to just accept my experiences and stop overthinking Even if it changes nothing for me externally it helps me stop belittling myself for making something out of nothing Clearly it does bother me if I ve been thinking about it all my life even if I only recently learned words to describe it and it s not nothing So yeah I don t really understand gender Am I female I guess But also not really. had me thinking why does everything need to be a community I get that people with similar traits or facing similar struggles will naturally want to get to know each other but I still feel like community is a nice way of saying an exclusive clique Being some clique in which views in common are necessary makes it harder for More real progress to be achieved I do get that there is a lot of homophobia in the country and the world so their may be a desire to avoid those without your experiences but it has been a lot worse in the past and a lot of the progress made has been because the stereotypes surrounding LGBTQ people have been exposed as just faulty stereotypes. Don t Just be nice and treat people with respect regardless of their race gender sexual orientation gender identity religion etc If you do this research you ll start looking at everyone as those things and categorizing them into boxes which will not be good for anyone s mental health This is not a wormhole you want to go down too far. Does grief ever stop hurting this much. actually a lot of people not all who actually are otherkin do as well it is regarded by many not all in the community as a response to intense trauma a coping mechanism that allows them to be something else. dewick rosemary grilled chicken gt general gaos and is underrated af somebody fight me. My crush is dying bc he won t make a move and I don t want it to die He might not know I like him pls halp singleboi. My bed and I are such goals wow. I have a crush on a guy in my Russian Film class I wish I had the courage to ask him out. Y all are going to think I m just an edge lord idiot for saying this and that s fine but I m super disappointed that most people here are not very intelligent Had to get it off my chest. The issues debates that come up on this page are such first world problems makes me quite irritated live and let live Free speech for all let ppl have opinions PEACE and LOVE That is all Don t impose persuade others to your way of thinking learn from each other All opinions are valuable. Why is everything on this page jerking off ZBT. I m in love with women without being sexually attracted to women My room has more than paintings of women and I am in love with femaleness including obvs trans women I mean Laverne Cox is a fking GODDESS and women who are badasses and fierce and powerful Catherine the Great Daenarys Targaryen Dagny Taggart Empress Wu Hatshepsut More ENHEDUANNA the Amazons such badasses wow the Tru ng sisters and just soooo manu more It would be so awesome if history literature courses tought more about women in history and literature as powerful figures I reiterate I am in loveeee with women I myself am a woman I love everything about being one. Rozhok is our home but you never come home anymore After all those shook up cold ones with the bois I thought you would come back But now Im shook The media misses you. I still haven t told my orgo lab partner how I feel about him and we only have lab left so I m really running out of time. Yo when y all reply to another post can y all post the link too I have to scroll through so much to catch up on the drama. crazy hot take but I also have a crush on daniel lewis. Pokemon Gold is the best pokemon game. Is there any way to schedule an appointment with a counselor other than by calling during their hours I want to schedule it this weekend and I don t particularly want to talk to anyone while scheduling it. I m not saying caused a civil war in ZBT but there was at least one attempt at secession. honestly before I got to Tufts I didn t even know about Sergiy Kryatov and people here won t shut up about him like grow out of your bubble guys not everything s about Kryatov and his luscious thighs my friends from home haven t even heard of him. Why the Fuck does the TV in the CC play football all day Jesus it renders an entire corner of the building unusable as studying hanging out space No one even watches it sports people use their phones No more I say Viva la resistance. I accidentally stabbed myself in the roof of the mouth with a plastic knife and I had to call Medical Services to ask them what to do and I heard someone on the other end laughing at me. there should be a character limit on this shit. I just learned who the presidents of Ears for Peers are and how they ve treated people and all I can say is that I will never ever call them again Wow. I know it s silly to complain about but my birthday was a few days ago and hardly anyone posted on my wall On one hand I know that I shouldn t define my friendship with someone based on whether or not they wish me happy birthday but then again if they re too lazy to even just post something are we really friends at all Or am I just a friendless loser. In the video game adaptation of Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets there is a feature where Harry can lock on to a specific foe During this time Harry s movement changes significantly he bends his knees not quite crouching and not quite walking It s difficult to describe but it looks really funny Anyway last night I saw More someone outside Miller doing what appeared to be this exact movement At first I thought you were just being silly but on the off chance that you were in fact demonstrating this maneuver to your comerades let me know with a wow react. Today I went to Dewick for dinner at around pm and across from my table was sitting a really cute girl I don t wanna assume their gender though with short hair and an alien shirt I don t know if you saw me but I was in a blue flannel shirt sitting by myself I m pretty shy but if you d like to grab coffee or something feel free to leave a comment below and I ll contact you If not please ignore this and let s pretend I didn t write anything I hope you have a nice day. Follow up to can someone explain to me what is Macedonia. Are there any religions out there with no hell or naraka. Who is that short attractive man in ZBT He is really loud and has a friend who controls the media They are such a dynamic duo I think the attractive one s favorite drink is Half and Half kinnda weird but kinnda cute. FreeTayK. Tufts isn t that tuff hahahaha. Duc Nguyen are you dating anyone what s your type. To the girl that loudly whispered NO in response to the professor s that s so easy right I feel you. The Latino center is doing a special graduation ceremony but I m not sure its the right space for me I know my family and I would appreciate the ceremony but I haven t attended events there since freshman year I feel like I would be swooping in after ignoring my own culture on campus for years something I still grapple with where I fit in at this white centered institution. Dear hot people what s it like. I actually think the Daily should issue an apology to the Mooch Fine he s very stupid and should get kicked out of the board for many reasons but bottom line is the statements made in the articles cited in the letter are defamation They re written as statements of fact and no matter what you think of Scaramucci it s a flat out lie that More he is a man who makes his Twitter accessible to friends interested in giving comfort to Holocaust deniers I ve spoken to a lot of friends better versed in defamation law than I am and they ve all told me the Daily and Tufts would lose in court. I am Helen Mirren. Does Tufts Republicans actually have a meeting spot on campus or is it more like they meet at SciTech or something and pull up to members in a car saying Get in loser we re fixing the economy. I know y all tufts students into some crazy hippie liberal shit but do you guys believe that a white person can identify as black. As someone who has been vaccinated I have to say I m not a fan of Mr Scaramucci s decorum. I m really fucking good looking. I keep finding quarters in my underpants and I don t know why. I feel like if I had been born into a black community I would have actually been like a decent rapper and tried to do it professionally But since I m white whenever I try to rap it just sounds stupid even though I ve got the words in my head. Monday s lunch at carm mac n cheese chicken nuggets and fries made me so happy It s the simple things in life friends. In response to Some cultures do not have any existing LGBT community Tufts should be inclusive to such people too People who had a culture shock just from hearing the term non binary or people who struggled to learn English as a second language and now have it all messed up with plural pronouns being singular Dont brand s as homophobic this stuff is entirely new to us and very shocking. I find listening to Quran recitation is really calming and beautiful. Best singer on Victorious Love for Jade like for Cat haha for Tori sad for Trina. How is Hanukkah at Hillel Should I go or do my own thing. I know this is crazy but if I just had a thousand more dollars I would be able to go back home for the winter and be with my family Funny how a Canada Goose to one is a month of isolation to another. Stephanie Miller is such a wonderful and supportive person She has never been anything but kind and supportive to me and I have so much respect for her lt. Imagine how much angrier scaramucci would be if people actually took Daily opinions seriously. Why does everyone here like to call everything incest Next time you hook up with someone you walked around the woods with for a week think about how it might make me and my three eyed sister feel to call it incest. When I poop I wipe with my bare hand and wash my hands really well. I have no one to tell me that I don t have friends. Every time I see those posts on buy sell trade selling a bunch of cute dresses and clothes I first have to check if the seller is someone I know to have been involved with anyone I ve been involved with I don t mind used clothes but I don t need to be walking around in a dress that just last week was thrown to the floor in a fit of passion with him yaknow Am I the only one who thinks about this. At this point Tufts Secrets is mainly used for people to post seriously racist homophobic transphobic sexist anti Semitic islamaphobic content with consequences Makes me wonder who I go to school with Makes me wonder who I sit in class with and who I share my dorm with Apparently it s real fucking difficult to see blatant injustice I m not sure this page is good for the community. How do I know if transferring from Tufts and to another school is the right choice for me. Why is Tufts Compliments not fucking anonymous I wanna compliment my crush without having to message some stranger who knows about everyone s crushes and who might even be my crush. OP from responding to comments. Hahahahaha antisemites aight so if y all get yer news from daily stormer and pol then why do you care what ethnicity the ceos of media companies are U must care a lot about news integrity if you let shoddy demographic charts on reddit shift ur worldview Ffs how dumb can u be to think one group controls the entire media Use ur More noggin Ever heard of hearst Rupert Murdoch Sony Ever seen Kazuo Hirai or Osamu Nagayama in a yamika Srsly relax w the weirdo conspiracy theories You simply hate an ethnic group stop trying to justify it with bad logic If u hate a dude Bcz he s successful and spins a dreidel then ur a fucking loser Not sure why you are the why you are Maybe it s ur parents grandparents maybe ur from a small town maybe u spend too much time on the internet maybe one person wronged you Well done then Ur dumb and a bigot Eat a dick. I think I might be an alcoholic At what point does it stop being just a college kid thing and start being a serious issue I m an upperclassman not a freshman so it s not just freshman fall syndrome. Does anybody love the US Did it become to cool to say that you hate the united states and cite some form of oppression that you experienced or didn t What do you really want out of a country in order to love it. TDC IDEA Spirit of Color but actually featuring color. I love boobs. LOL at clubs that say they re inclusive when they re actually not Please stop lying to people. My grandmother is dying. An interesting article I thought I d share https www nytimes com sunday review bernie bernstein fake jews html smprod nytcore iphone amp smid nytcore iphone share. I secretly want to join KSA but I m too scared to do so because I m not Korean and I don t know anybody in the club Kind of weird to join a culture club without being related to that culture in any aspect. Message who you think wrote and if it s me we can talk about it. Is anyone else brutally honest aka just plain mean in their end of term evaluations What s the most savage thing you ve ever written in an eval. I hate going back home for family holidays since I always have to deal with family members asking me why I don t have a girlfriend yet followed by an at least you re not gay right. I just spent hours debugging my code just to realize there was a bug in my test. I am thankful for all my friends that have put up this year with my fear of not getting into medical school and supporting me throughout this arduous and tedious process lt. I m thankful for the Tufts community Coming home for Thanksgiving has made me realize how much I love it there and honestly I can t wait to come back. I m fucking thankful for Idah from hodg and all the Tufts dining and facilities staff for that matter They re all superstars. I m thankful for this page but it bothers me that it only gets updated twice a day. I m really grateful that every time my roommate smokes a cigarette he thinks he s a s gangster. I m grateful this thanksgiving for my family s annual naked huddle. I m thankful for the Tufts Professors who go the extra mile to show that they care. tbh can people in comp just check the exam schedule in advance and book their tickets on the right days instead of inconveniencing everyone. During rush a member of Aphi told me that having super skinny girls was just kind of their thing. To all the OPs and commenters claiming that there is no anti Semitism in the U S or that Jewish students are chronically prone to exaggerating it your ignorance does not change the fact that anti Semitism is here has always been here and poses a threat to our safety For Jews who experience it in varied ways on a daily basis your More dismissal of our struggles is akin to saying All Lives Matter to BLM folks it is inappropriate and frankly infuriating Similarly why is it ok to make blanket assumptions about Jews being too inwardly focused but unacceptable to make such generalizations about any other group Are you calling on BLM activists to diversify their activism rather than More. I wish people would tell me why they unfriend me on Facebook I still see them all the time in real life and they re still friendly I d ask them but I don t want to make things awkward. tw sexual assault hard drug use. Jasmine Falk is a lovely human being. But seriously can gorillas and elephants be friends. Is COMP really as bad as they say. Is cuffing season actually a real thing. This is the first time I ve felt clean in months. Not sure if this should be directed at an off campus students or the medford community but when you hit someone s parked car maybe leave your insurance info and not be a dick. Comp is tough but it s also the funnest most interesting and most fulfilling course I ve ever taken in my life. Jews making up a larger of the school population doesn t invalidate the fact that Tufts can be really antisemitic when Jews say you re being anti Semitic don t fucking respond by saying well there are fewer black and undocumented students. Hypernormalisation is a great movie. To the person behind me in line at the commons yesterday Nov. Can someone explain to me the appeal of bringing Ben Shapiro to campus He s a political commentator who from my knowledge goes to college campuses to feed off of the reaction people give him when they disagree with him A quick google search doesn t say much notable about him outside of the fact he writes books that honestly look like More bait for the far right read them off to yourself and they sound like something Alex Jones would rant about. I hear Jewish students always talk about how unsafe they feel in this campus and how everyone basically attacks them in this campus Your feelings are valid but don t forget that a big population of Tufts is Jewish compared to black students or undocumented students that you can literally count with your fingers You can be afraid but More it can not be compared to the fear undocumented and black students feel in this campus I know students that don t even feel safe talking to TUPD because of the color of their skin or citizenship status Yet we have students saying they are afraid of their lives Please don t say that if you are white white passing because there are people in this More. Lmao I swear half of the posts here are written with the sole intention of rustling some jimmies. Seeing how much time I put into hobbies and hanging out with friends I don t feel I miss out on much by not drinking. The women s rugby team is the best thing that has ever happened to me Every single person on that team makes me so happy and they re all so god damn funny and chill I honestly don t think I would survive Tufts without such an incredible group of people. My professor sent out everyone s grades for our last midterm using ID numbers so it stays anonymous and I made the highest grade I have no idea who to brag to so I m just saying it here because like wtf. I really don t want to go home for thanksgiving. I feel betrayed and personally attacked by Laney s discrete test. I think I might be bisexual but as I ve only ever been with people who identify as female I would feel out of place saying that I am Also I m already in college now and I feel like it might be too late for me to join the LGBT community. In response to Tbh I don t see anything wrong with reporting anti semites and BDS advocates to the Canary Mission and it makes me feel safer now that these students are being held accountable for their actions During the Charlottesville protests all of my leftist friends were advocating for the doxxing of Nazis via twitter and More facebook But now you re mad that its being done with an actual organization What makes it unethical to report someone to the canary mission If anything the canary mission has more strict criteria as to what makes someone worthy of being on their list see their website ethics policy whereas many innocent people have mistakenly been labeled as Nazis by trigger happy leftists on twitter facebook. I am VERY uncomfortable with the type of molecular shape shaming that went on in chemistry class today Calling neopentane fat Neopentane is beautiful n pentane isn t better just because it s long and skinny It s not about the size or shape of the molecule but what it s made of. Ok im gonna try and put together a secret for those that haven t made up their minds about Shapiro yet I m prefacing this by saying I m very pro bringing him maybe someone else should do the same for the other side this is going to be biased Start by reading and maybe that ll spark your interest in doing some research about Ben More Straight up the shit people say about him like he s not Jewish or he s a Nazi is frankly ridiculous Then read I think it s very well argued To the person that responded to that secret just like Ben Shapiro s rhetoric might be cited in bigoted violence I m sure your rhetoric is cited in ANTIFA riots but I don t blame you for it you still More. Conservatives stop calling everyone you disagree with a Nazi. Can someone get rid of the swastika etched into the wall in the stall in the boys room in carm. Free speech is dead at Tufts Let s deny constitutional rights to everyone who we disagree with sounds logical. Ben shapiro came to aidekman last night to talk but like nobody was there so he left and doesnt want to come back for a while because the megabus cost he was saving up for nintendo switch sorry i didnt say anything earlier i honestly just wasnt thinking. Okay fuck Ben Shapiro and all but can we talk about how in one of the posts somebody said he wore a swastika Ya know like Ben Shapiro Jewish guy Tbh tired of the ignorance and borderline antisemitism of the Tufts left. So this past weekend I was hanging out a girl I met through a mutual friend We were hanging as a group but the two of us really hit it off and there was definitely something there but we were a little drunk at the time and forgot to exchange numbers before parting ways Ever since I can t stop thinking about her. I clogged my toilet twice today. I think I m in love with Spencer Shay. I have attained peak male body performance You may not like it but I am perfect. Serious question has anyone been contacted by the University for torrenting while using Tufts wireless I have been doing it for years now and try to sparse it out so that it doesn t offset any limits but I haven t had any problems. EOTO for Spring Fling. I ve seen hundreds of posts about blood money and Canada Goose You do realize how fortunate you are when you claim that doctors bankers and lawyers that earn too much are doing so at the expense of the exploitation of the people I come from a developing country where some rich people DO have blood money they have and continue to exploit More people trafficking order assassination and even terrorists are members of congress and government ministers Where profit is obtained through the slaughter of indigenous communities so that you can build an oil well Where a profitable service is linking wealthy families with hit mans so that they can get rid of their competition or solve their More. Im in love with Chris Gregg. Reputation is a good album ok. I ve never really quite understood what people got out of being mean to other people or putting other people down Like dude explain to me cause I don t get why somebody would spend even a millisecond if their life trying to make somebody else s life worse. I m in love with Mark Sheldon. To the tall blonde dude at late night you re really hot. Tempted to download tinder for the self confidence boost and potential for flirty fun because even though am surrounded by people feel like haven t met anyone I m interested in is interested in me but the idea of seeing ppl I know on the app them seeing me feels so weird. I haven t been able to speak to anyone about it because I fear the consequences I have phases where I look at the clock and it s PM I then look away and look right back and it s already Time passes and I don t feel it pass It s as if things are getting deleted I mean I have messed with substances in the past but I don t think that could be the reason. I forgot Carm is a dorm lmaoooo. Beware that when dumping poops you yourself do not become a poop for when you gaze long into the turlet The autoflush gazes also into you. I m the one asking about therapy haha I decided not to do it afterall It took so much courage to call the counseling services and the person on the phone was extremely kind but the counseling sessions are all basically booked for a couple of weeks and I flaked in the end Idk if I ll ever have the courage again to call it s all cool More though I ve been having a lot of mental issues for many years now what s another couple of years Thanks for everyone who responded it was very kind of all of you hope you kind souls all have a great day. I love this school but the modern education and financial aid system truly screws over the actual middle class I have to work full time over the summer to make ends meet yet I still end up with thousands of dollars in student loans Every time the student bill comes out I fear not being able to come up with the money. I know it s normal for college teens to experiment but I feel like Tufts has made me try too much shit The pressure is too high and I ve done everything Coke acid molly shrooms xans All of it I don t know where this is taking me but I might reach a stage where I can t live with myself. The Tufts secret page is full of the whiniest group of people Indignant rich kids who have no ability to comprehend power and class structures of which they are at the top of so they don t get why people say they don t like rich people etc Also why does anyone think Ben Shapiro has anything to say that should be taken seriously A cursory look at what he rails against should show why he shouldn t be taken seriously Trans people exist and are legitimate. To post I would be outraged at Saudi Arabia s array of mysoginist racist homophobic and Islamic supremacist legislation but the autocratic prince spoke diplomatically so it s not so bad. Someone literally commented saying that purchasing a canada goose jacket was selfish I m sorry how the hell is that selfish Is purchasing an iphone selfish is paying for college tuition selfish is even being able to afford anything selfish explain That literally makes zero sense It s come to the point where people will say anything just to make someone who owns an expensive item feel shitty grow up and focus on your own life. the lyrics to The Heart Wants What It Wants by Slenea Gomez. There s a person who I see in Carm a lot and I feel like I should talk to them because they look wicked dope but also like that just seems creepy and intrusive Is it weird to introduce yourself to someone on the basis that you see them around. Freshman fall I lived in Hodgdon I ate in Dewick every day I was very sad Freshman spring I stopped eating in Dewick and went uphill to Carm for every meal My mood exponentially improved Coincidence I think not. My bf would like to make an appointment to see a counselor at CMHS but he s really anxious about it I m wondering if anyone on this page has gone to CMHS and what your experiences have been Was it awkward What did the counselor ask you etc Thank you. The democrats I know are more fucking racist than the republicans I know. yes I would because it doesn t matter If condemning sexual assault can t be above politics nothing can be If you think it matters what party the person who did it is from you re just as bad as someone who s defending that person StopAssaultNow. I feel like the fact that I was bullied in middle school for being gay and attempted suicide at age is exactly what makes me such an advocate for justice I wish somebody bullied you during childhood so that maybe you could understand that a power imbalance even is. I see this one girl with blonde hair that s dyed red on the ends coming into and out of Dewick pretty often I have no idea who she is but she s super cute and seems like she would be really interesting to get to know. I ve realized that nearly all videos of ben debating have clickbaity titles https youtu be qI JOXCX k I wonder what you all think of this one It covers questions on immigration media bias and abortion. Career advice At your job if you re sitting next to your boss at a meeting don t start thinking about how funny it d be to give them a Wet Willie Otherwise when you start snickering you ll have to explain that you were thinking about how funny it would be to give them a Wet Willie and then your boss will know. tbh Ben Shapiro s kinda cute. Sky High is such an underrated movie. A certain high level CS course has quickly gone from incompetently run to maliciously run Completely unreasonable expectations and grading Students are legitimately being set up to fail It s a shame there s no regulation or recourse in such a large and impactful class looking from the outside in. There is this really cute tall blonde baseball player who is also a freshman I am too afraid to talk to him but I see him on campus a lot. Dear Tufts Every rd person at this school is a comp sci major yet the tufts app is crap. It seems students are much more actively campaigning against every facet of Israel from its government policies to its culture and fundamental right to exist while countries like Saudi Arabia are relegated to the back burner That is why tonight s warmly received speech by a Saudi prince at Tufts was both a punch in the stomach for me and a bit of reassurance I now know that my suspicion that Israel is unfairly singled out and demonized is true. better comparison a Saudi prince came to speak at Fletcher today to a warm welcome by Monaco no protests and throngs of students rushing to get selfies with him after the speech versus when Israel Defense Forces Lt Col Dr Eran Shamir Borer came to speak at Tufts and was confronted by a die in protest and a nationally circulated petition attempting to pressure Tufts to cancel And no greeting by Monaco. My longest masturbation session was hours. Say one thing you like about yourself in the comments below and pls be honest Don t say nothing. I m having a super hard time mentally and I know everyone is but I m kind of worried for myself because my symptoms are really bad and I ve finally recognized it after two years Is the school s psychologist cool Is it worth getting an appointment If anyone wants to reply anonymously about their experience please tell me I don t want More to get diagnosed for a lot of reasons I just need a confidential space to breathe for a moment without fear that I m gonna be taken elsewhere like not to sound ignorant but if I talk about my suicidal thoughts wouldn t I get reported and taken to some facility because I ve become a threat to myself I m just so paranoid and skeptical of therapy sessions. Has anyone taken PSY Perception How is Hard. love getting rejected from all of my tech summer internship possibilites didn t feel imposter syndrome until now. Honestly I might be a lot more pro communism if I didn t see the same assholes in every post arguing for communism and shaming people for their wealth in the comments even if the post has nothing to do with economic inequality. If I organized a fieldtrip to tear down the Confederate monument to the Andersonville death camp who would be in. Ben Shapiro has an annoying voice too Like I don t wanna hear that shit for two hours straight. post the organizer of the last two Naked Quad Runs has graduated and is now pursuing nudism out in the real world As police have cracked down on it and as it isn t very exciting in the first place since people are only nude for a few minutes and you can t do any good ogling I have no desire to organize another myself However More if anyone would like to take up the banner and step in please leave a single red rose atop one of the urinals in dewick We ll know who you are Also keep an ear out for the next big thing in public nudity the Eaton Basement No Holds Barred Singles Only Orgy. So it s absolutely trash that all engineers get to sign up for classes ahead of seniors right I double majored and took an equally restrictive course load during my time at Tufts and never got any kind of priority for classes I wanted to take and now I m stuck not able to get into the two comp electives I ve been waiting my entire time at More Tufts to take I have lot s of friends who have been screwed by this in the past too Pretty horrendous that I can t explore my interests in Tufts s already limited cs elective pool because some sophomore engineer needs to fit Chem into her schedule. to the next person that says ew when i tell them i live in lewis i challenge you to an interior design duel and yes I WILL WIN. I don t really get the Ivy League reject thing I got into Cornell Dartmouth and Brown and I chose Tufts because it was the school closest to home and I wanted to stay in the area Most of my friends here also got into Cornell. As an alum something I don t understand about Corporate America is why it is in the men s rooms at office buildings people wash their hands so AGGRESSIVELY like two minutes straight and so vigorously that behind the stall door it sounds like they re bludgeoning the seals. This is late but s o to the cast of Lucky Stiff the room was packed both nights and all the hardwork they put in over the semester paid off in an amazing show. So what s up with the beef between Tufts Secrets and that bullshit circlejerk unoriginal unfunny page Tufts Memes for Quirky teenz. Y all ever start cracking eggs and feel like a mongoose. gt goes to hodgedon for dinner gt spends more than the dinner meal swipe gt is forced to use jumbo cash gt why should I be ashamed of my wealth my parents did not oppress elephants. My roommate mouth breathes and chews with his mouth open I put up with it for a while but at this point it s just gross and annoying I can hear every single time they inhale or exhale and I can see hear their food squelch around their mouth I m overit C L O S E Y O U R D A M N M O U T H. The Boondocks is the best anime I have ever seen no question. I don t know why I think hairy legs on ladies is gross I m a guy and I know that this is an unnatural beauty standard that my mind has been conditioned to accept Nevertheless I can t manage to like hairy legs I just find them disgusting. tag your best boy Danny Phantom wow reax or Long Haired Zuko angery reax. To the girl who shoved almost an entire muffin in her mouth while speed walking down pro row this morning you re an inspiration. Any word on nqr this year. I m in love with a girl named Olivia. I want someone to love me for who I am not what I could be. Bring ben shapiro. I eat my fiber to be a good citizen of my septic tank. A group of kangaroos should be called a kangacrew. I don t know how I m gonna get through today let alone this week I have no reason to feel tired all the time I eat right I exercise and I get enough sleep but for some reason every waking hour feels like a task. Real talk whats an actual good gpa in engineering. AllLivesMatter. If there s one thing I ve learned from the Israeli Palestinian debates we have here it s that I never want to be educated enough on it to form an opinion because the constant debate is exhausting. Are there any secret societies at Tufts Have they existed in the past I really wanna know have heard some rumors. i did something bad. So ever since I turned I ve been drinking a lot more often and my mom called me yesterday concerned since she thinks I m drinking to destress from the graduate school application process and because I m leaving my friends and fears that I may have depression I didn t want to tell her anything since I didn t want to worry her but I have More been drinking away my emotional anguish and stress and I know it isn t healthy but should I talk to a counselor about having potential depression even though all my negative affect is most likely stemming from the uncertainty of my future and the fear that I will not be accepted anywhere. I think I get turned on by authority because I had a huge crush on the captain of a team I m on and now he s graduated and I have a huge crush on the new captain Idk what to do with this realization I also feel super guilty about it because I m in a committed relationship. Open your eyes and take in everything that you see Look at all the colors red yellow blue amp green We can take an airplane and fly across the globe Look down upon the colors everyone come on let s go Because love makes the world go round. When OP graduates will they go on Robin Roberts and discuss living a double life like Miley Stewart did on Hannah Montana. I m not out to anyone but I think I m grey ace and bi I m worried that if I did come out people wouldn t take me seriously as queer because I m in a het relationship and have never dated someone of the same gender. Idk how to explain it but white folk on this campus speak so weirdly Like they re so SNAPPY when they talk its like they can t speak without applying stichomythia and they all have this weird valley girl thing going where they go up and down and up and down and UGHHH it s so obnoxious to listen to Idk how to explain it but their vocal pattern literally gives me a headache. The weebs have infiltrated this page. I was born with glass bones and paper skin Every morning I break my legs and every afternoon I break my arms At night I lie awake in agony until my heart attacks put me to sleep. I m Pentecostal and my faith is very important to me But if any of my friends knew what I believed and practiced they would probably make fun of it. My roommate chews their gum with their mouth open so I have the privilege of listening to it slosh around while my lack of a backbone stops me from saying anything to them. I get really frustrated when people assume that people s parents families come from old money were slave owners etc not everyone who is wealthy is white nor american nor did they come from rich assholes a lot of people s parents got lucky and made it so to speak which is why they are wealthy not everyone comes from old family More money a lot of people are proud of their parents for making it and take it very personally when they get shit for having money most kids in this situation use their family s success as motivation every single day not as a means to be rude about it if you casually throw around the accusation that people s families were former slave More. Tufts y all need this chrome extension https chrome google com webstore detail make trump tweets eight a iopebbikefjcknnbmdkkcebchlnaioen. I m a guy and while I ve never said it outright I ve been inwardly identifying as both gay and straight for a while However I m growing to realize its only oral with men that I m interested in Kissing guys and most other things makes me uncomfortable and convinces me I m just straight However when it comes to giving oral I m v interested Thoughts anyone. I ve made a huge mistake. My first week of freshmen year I saw a lady working in Dewick crying outside near the benches and went to give her a hug and ask if she way okay I m a sophomore now and ever since then each time she sees me she hugs me and asks ciao bella how are you today So just a quick reminder that we have an amazing staff that supports us and its really important to show that we appreciate them once in a while. This page just makes me hate People at Tufts even more So many of y all are so fuckin stupid Either naive spoiled white kids or under priviledged people who know their shit but subconsciously or sometimes consciously believe that that makes them better than other people. Because of the time commitment I have to my sport I don t have the energy or the time to be as involved in social justice things as I wish I could be I feel guilty about it and I feel like I m not activist enough I was the SJW in high school and I was so excited to keep doing that work here but I haven t been able to yet and it More frustrates me There are things that I see on my team and in general around Tufts that are deeply problematic but I don t think I m able to work towards fixing them My friends tell me it s fine because I m choosing my battles but is that true if I m choosing none of them Am I just another disinterested person now How do I get more involved if I have no time Is there ever a way to do enough. I am not a part of any squad Most of the people go and enjoy with their group and I don t even have any Even the people I know are going out with different groups I feel I ve been missing out on things because of that. I have six Canada Goose jackets hidden under my bed right now but I m too self conscious to wear them in public on campus I guess I ll just have to go with my fur instead. I feel like if you were really against the genocide of the Native American people and the taking of their land then you wouldn t live in America on principle. When fascists are marching where are the Tufts liberal progressives or the anti palestine people who think everything is anti semitism where are they when people are confronting an actual anti semitic political movement Seriously wya Join in the counter demonstrators or you risk groups like Patriot Prayer and actual fascists More building a power base I saw you all posting after Charlottesville don t act like you have any sympathy for these Gadsden flag fucks and their farther right fellow travelers Where are you going to be next Saturday when they are marching At Brunch Was the Women s March the last action you went to What is your fucking objection to preventing reactionary organizing by non violent direct action If you aren t even willing to stand up for what you believe in do you actually believe in it. Congratulations to the Tufts Football on another winning season BUT congratulations to Tufts Pep Band on another undefeated season. Why is it jungle juice and not jumbo juice. why are people complaining about palestine they lost the war. I have this huge paper due on Friday and I have been so stressed lately over other classes that I was wondering if I should pay for an essay through an online writing service The site claims to be authentic and I was wondering if any has ever done this before and if it s worth it. SO to the group of students who threw a cultish party today behind my mouse and jammed out to their own rendition of mambo while enduring this bitter cold weather Y all are the real MVPs. Mar Fremman and Camille Mbayo should be the faces of the school of engineering They both radiate positive cosmic energy and I can t imagine a Tufts without them Thank you for allowing me to witness your greatness. I feel like this page has been lacking in drama lately. Friend How do I get likes on Tufts Secrets Friend Post something angry about greek life it really gets their dicks hard. I wish it was still normal for guys to regularly wear suits A man in a suit is HAWT. I get really pissed off every time I see some post from a Tufts Left Unity Project member posting some shit defending communism or being a bunch of maoist stalinist apologists obviously the great leap forward or the holodomor can t be that bad because there s NO WAY millions of people could have starved to death I ve come from a country More that has embraced communism and I ve seen the suffering that communism bring every one is equal equally poor So yeah i don t give a fuck if the bourgeois or corporations or whatever oppresses workers because the alternative is having all the counter revolutionaries and random peasants executed in the thousands to bring about terror and control thanks Cheka NKVD Red Guards Stasi Y all can debate this crap or say that i m an uneducated bourgeois idiot but I will dedicate all that I do to ensure capitalism always endure wherever I am. I fucking love bluegrass and I really want to learn how to shred on a banjo. I identify as bipolitical I feel like I have no safe space on this campus to explore both sides of my political identity. Where can one get a good gluten free bagel. I m trying to find an engineering job for the summer and I just feel like all the companies around here are really morally questionable Defense companies profit off of death and destruction Most software and Internet of Things companies seem to threaten people s privacy intentionally or not Robotics and automation companies will lead to More massive layoffs and instability if we don t move towards a more sustainable economic system I wanted to get into engineering to make the world a better place but I m worried I m just going to make it worse. Memes peaked in. Honestly fuck the French language Beautiful sure but the worst to learn. I ve identified as a lesbian for a while and recently realized I have feelings for a guy and I don t know what to do. If I find people of all gender identities attractive is it wrong to only want a relationship with people who have penises I just can t imagine enjoying a sexual encounter with someone who has a vagina even if I find them physically attractive otherwise. I can t open SIS without being sad af I can t even sign up for classes cos I m scared of looking at my spring bill. I still beat my meat on meatless mondays. I lost my best friend streak with my crush and now I m depressed. Here s a secret marcelo figuero is super cute. Embrace debate does pineapple belong on pizza. Could someone explain the abolish greek life thing going on I understand there has been lots of sexual assault and such in these places but wouldn t it happen in normal people s houses at those parties instead of frat parties if frats were abolished I feel like the problem would stay the same. Tufts is the only place in the world where people would rather be Brown. I hate when the autoflush goes off while I m reaching for turlet paper and I don t have a chance to see my masterpiece. I always feel so judged when people stare at me and smirk when they see me taking pictures of my meals They think I m just another basic white girl but really I m recovering from an eating disorder and have to take pictures of everything i eat to send to my therapist amp nutritonist. My family income is and has almost always been below k FAMILY income not my income Please for all of you really fortunate people think about how little money that is and how hard many of us low income students have had it I m well aware that I m LOW low income and most people are way above me and still considered low income and that s fine Just realize your privilege please. If TCU is sponsoring the turkey shuttle shouldn t it be free Wouldn t it be more convenient and economical to just pool with a friend to the airport Who is doing the consulting for TCU. My country was slaves until the s and didn t send people to America until the mid to late th didn t kill no indians or enslave anybody else in America do I honestly qualify for white privilege Is it just a skin color thing or an honest benefitting from your ancestors thing. The rez plays shit music. Who what is Jumbo on Tinder. Are all euopean students fucking rich How come they can always go out or go to different cities. I hate him so much. The dating hookup scene at Tufts is really bad for people of color especially black women Are men at Tufts just not attracted to black women. When other people ask I say I m fine but to be honest I really miss talking to you. To all the ers who don t like being labeled as such this article addresses that phenomen in NYC https www nytimes com opinion sunday what the rich wont tell you html signed a fellow er whose eyes have been opened. Responding to post All right please listen First of all respect his opinions okay Granted the content he wrote can be a bit too self righteous by using all the high theory words but everything else you said pretty much revealed how little you know care about the experience of many Asian people basically how ignorant and bigoted More you are So you wrote he completely fails to implicate himself in his Asian American masculinity and address how toxic asian men are Umm how exactly are we toxic Please elaborate You also wrote Asian American men aren t effeminized lol what even they re fucking emasculated and so they make up for it through their super toxic More. Ok let me speak some truth about this page and why some of you are so obsessed with it The conservatives think they re so much smarter and better than the liberal snowflakes and can t wait to jump down your throat about how much of a special snowflake you are Meanwhile the liberals think they re so much smarter than the conservative Moreracists misogynists and homophobes and can t wait to make you check your privilege and conform to their version of political correctness. I should transfer. My roommate just walked in on me masturbating again I ve always been able to pull up the covers quickly but the evidence is usually still there for him to see tissues lotion and laptop near the bed and I m conveniently naked Idk if we should address this or just continue with the tacit understanding that I know I got caught in the act. How do I get better at determining sarcasm over messenger I could determine sarcasm in real life no problem but oftentimes I think my friends are serious when they are actually joking over messenger and I was wondering how I could improve. Nothing quite like waking up with a bunch of blue shit on your pillow because you thought doing a Monday night midnight mud mask was a good idea. I wish I knew how to reach out to my friends I always feel like I will be a burden to them if I reach out first both with serious issues and just wanting to hang out. Yasmin Farah is literally a goddess I drool whenever I lay eyes on her I want to ask her to late night carm but idk if she s into people like me. Is there a way to put up signs warning people not to speed on the top of Winthrop Curtis behind carm Bunnies keep getting hit and killed in front of carpenter house and it s so sad. I DON T WANT TO HEAR ABOUT WHAT A TROUBLED LIFE THE SHOOTER HAD HE KILLED DOZENS OF PEOPLE AND JUST BECAUSE HE S WHITE DOESN T MEANT HE DESERVES OUR SYMPATHY. Are people seriously being worked up about Stem majors vs humanities or whatever topic we re on today Don t you have better things to worry about Or better yet stop obsessing so much in general Life s short fucking enjoy it smh. It makes me kind of sad that Tufts blows away or gets rid of almost all the fallen leaves on campus We should put them in a massive leaf pile instead and jump in it like little children. What ever happened to rofl as an internet slang term. I personally think everyone at Tufts overact about everything like my dude chill. I m seeing complaints from a lot of people on here about the plights of their respective demographics but I haven t seen any posts by Muslims who are probably the most oppressed in this country at the moment Is that because there aren t that many that go to Tufts or they just have better things to do I m genuinely curious. This is a naive question but I was just wondering if it would be cultural appropriation for a white person to wear hoop earrings I ve heard various POC on campus say different things I m just wondering what the general word is on white people and hoop earrings and reasons why. My roommate is such a neurotypical and it s really fucking with my mental health problems The self hate is strong with this one. One thing that has surprised me about being in a very committed long term relationship is how lonely I still am most of the time. I have a friend who is going through a lot right now and I want to help her but she is putting everything on me because she doesn t feel like she has anyone else to listen to her I don t think I am capable of solving her underlying problems and right now I am just soaking up all of her negativity I want to be a good friend but I don t More think I can carry this burden all by myself But if I don t do it who will I want to tell her to talk to someone else but she doesn t feel comfortable doing that I used to enjoy hanging out with her but now all we do is talk about how lonely she is I don t know what to do. I m a junior I think for the first time since high school I have a best friend again I very much hope he feels the same we spend a lot of time together in classes and at work but we re both quite busy and he lives a bit away so I don t hang out with him often enough and I don t know whether he has any closer friends Not that it s a competition or anything but it would be nice to know for certain that I m not some merely tolerated secondary character as I have been in the lives of most people I have met so far at Tufts. Tufts guys are so indecisive I m considering celibacy. It makes my day when random people smile at me As someone who doesn t know that many people at Tufts I feel my heart fill with joy when a sweet girl shyly smiles in my direction or when a cute guy gets that crinkle under his eyes lt. I really don t get why everyone complains about the toilet paper at this school I grew up in a one ply household and I hate the fancy cushion y two ply that some people buy This isn t a joke btw. Shoutout to the kid that moved my laundry into the dryer when he wanted to use the washer instead of just throwing it on the ground or putting it on top of the washer. I met Bora last night and developed a tiny crush within the span of a conversation Sad that I didn t talk to him more. To the people tagging their straight friends on the post asking about gay members of the rugby team Im so glad that being gay is the punch line of the joke Homophobia is in fact HILARIOUS and alive and well at Tufts At least one of the people who commented is a pledging member of DTD so either claim your bro or stop pretending that you don t understand why people think greek life is homophobic. I just saw Kin and y all are so fucking talented Amazing Just thought it needed to be said. I m attracted to girls who wear those scarves on their heads. Are any of the Men s rugby players gay Asking for a friend. I have a budding crush on a first year and I feel kind of guilty about it I m a sophomore and I know there s only a one year difference but I remember myself in freshman year and it is such a vulnerable time I wouldn t want there to be some kind of power imbalance especially if I am an unofficial mentor figure to this person Is this wrong or am I just overthinking Also I am not sure if they would ever see me in a romantic light so it all just sucks I hate crushes. Bruh ZBT is fucking awesome. One of my housemates is a total dick He makes a lot of noise at all hours he cooks and eats weird smelly food all the time he leaves messes everywhere he goes bathrooms especially However nobody talks to him about it because we can t tell if it s a problem with him or just cultural differences because he s from another country. Mohsin Rizvi is my favorite comp ta He s so passionate about cs and is so eager to help others who share that passion Plus he s really cute. I want Jeanette who swipes you in at Dewick to be my friend but I don t think she likes me. I use Opera to read conservative and libertarian leaning news sources so I don t get conservative ads when I m using Chrome in public. it s really sad how we spend four years here but never get the chance to connect to the people that we could really be vibing with instead we re chilling alone or with people we semi like waiting until we graduate social life on campus is rough are people too stressed does tufts as an institution not do enough to legitimately create More means of connection anyone else feel the tough burden of creating communities just to find your own place it s tiring work how have people found their ideal friends so far and how do we break the idea that everyone here has found community when i think the reality is that so many of us are lonely. You know your best friends with someone when they are able to discern which secret is yours without even telling them that you posted a secret that person probably knows i wrote this too XD. Shoutout to the pi rho guys in commons talking loudly about driving recklessly avoiding tickets and acid and shrooms who apparently know nothing about either drug really putting out a good image of your frat. I wonder if Tufts Secrets should censor the secrets saying extremely sexual things about other named people I m not sure what the law technically says on like anonymous sexual harassment but it definitely can t feel good to everyone it happens to Some people may be proud I suppose but what happens if someone is embarrassed or More made deeply uncomfortable by what is said about them publicly and anonymously Maybe they could ask the admin to take it down but for how long has it been up at that point and what damage has been done Just seems potentially very very harmful. Feeling spiteful did y all know that all the frats have test banks and problem set banks meaning your hard work in econ is probably going to waste because the frat boy who never goes to class has all the answers for all the tests and problem sets in his fraternity google drive. This may be controversial but why do a lot of Asians in America adopt white names Like I don t get it I have an ethnic name and sure it s hard for people who don t have a certain phonetic palette to say but why change your name when you can simply force people to get their act together and have enough respect to pronounce your name More to the best of their ability Is it because names don t mean much in the grand scheme of assimilation Just wanted to get some answers on this while the ball is rolling on the Asian American community. I ve never dated before and I seriously don t understand the logistics of dating Like idk maybe it s because I suck at commitment but I would hate being tied to one person and having to constantly check up on them and talk to them and hold their hands or whatever the fuck it is people in love do But what do I know I ve been depressed since high school. wow that s awesome I sometimes get a little tentative when I speak my other language with friends because people always whip their heads around to see who s speaking a different language especially since they probably never heard this other language spoken It doesn t help that this language is usually spoken super loudly in More comparison to English so the conversation is interpreted as aggressive in nature when it s rlly just your average convo Reading your post made me smile though and it made me feel more valid as a bilingual individual I ll speak my other language with more confidence now thanks. Honestly it makes my day a little brighter to hear students talk to each other on the phone in different languages on campus Tufts has a serious lack of diversity but the reminders everyday of how people can think speak understand in so many ways yet we all exist at the same school is cool. A former friend of mine seems to be struggling with his mental health He s constantly screaming things and always in a pissy mood It s not on the level of psychosis or anything but I have no idea what s going on with him What s more he has lost and isolated all of his friends recently I don t know who s there for him Does anyone have any advice. Hannah Reynolds is unreasonably beautiful Is she single I hate not having a reason to talk to her I don t really know her but If I was perfect I d change the world and make it fit for her. alright so here s the deal from now on this is how it s gonna go ginn is the best library hands down dewick is the best cafe on campus best study rooms are at fletcher best parties they re all wack best order in food espresssoss rose s sry if ya disagree pm me but the pork fried rice is very good best places that take jumbo More cash mckkinnon s chipotle oasis cvs for stuff like toilertries birthday cards etc best place for a cup of coffee hotung way quicker than Rez if ur in a hurry best books whatever you re reading in class keep up with the readings best video games cod battlefield asassins creed DOTA best movies elf game of thrones anythin with johnny depp. literally the lyrics to Mr Brightside by The Killers. I miss the person I was seeing at CMHS so much They were honestly one of the best people I ve ever met and were so helpful but the whole short term thing fucked it over I ve been feeling so shitty and awful and I just really want to talk with them about it but can t. now that I think about it how is the existence of a Confucius Institute at Tufts going unchallenged CIs are financed by the Chinese government and critics have accused CIs of having restrictive hiring practices and spreading propaganda about issues such as the legitimacy of the Taiwanese state Tibet and origins of the Korean More War as well as whitewashing the Communist regime s extreme violations of Chinese citizens rights CIs are literally propaganda arms for the Chinese government The contrast between the protests of a grassroots Israeli food tasting event put on by a few dozen Tufts students and the dead silence in relation to the existence of a propaganda arm for the second most powerful country s government at Tufts is shocking. Roni Khardon I understand you are trying your best but telling your students how easy everything is doesn t help us learn I m paying thousands of dollars to take this class but I ve basically had to teach myself everything. I m Asian American and I m not really sure myself Maybe part of it is buying into the model minority myth from a desire to be seen on the same level as a white person but we re not white enough Also the media generally talks about race as a black white issue without really involving other minority groups At least from personal More experience as a child of immigrants the older adults I ve talked to don t seem at all interested in politics or becoming involved in local community and often face language barriers so they don t really understand or really think about it I feel like the younger generation is the one who s most active I guess it also might depend on where you live in the US and whether you yourself are an immigrant or first gen I m not sure Just writing out some thoughts Correct me if I m wrong. I just love it when professors sprinkle in phrases like we simply do this we know this part it s not very complicated all we have to do is and obviously we do this Like not all of us have dedicated our lives to this material only to end up teaching it at a nd tier insitution It s an intro level course and we know less than you teach accordingly. I think I like a guy who probably was in to me before and now has a girlfriend Any comments. Everyone always says that you learn from your break up but no one ever tells you how much you can regret the relationship in the first place. Don t forget about the person who made this place a home for you before you found your people That s the person who convinced you not to transfer schools freshman year got you through your high school break up or eased the pain of a family member passing away because they were the only one you told Even if you don t talk always show them gratitude. To the POC who felt really uncomfortable I feel you I also struggle navigating white spaces which is what of tufts is But to be honest you re going to have to get used to it You have to learn to be comfortable with white folk and their covert racism It s a process but it s an essential skill to have if you want to be successful in the traditional sense I know this isn t good advice but it s the best advice for your mental health and survival at any PWI. I m not a conservative but i watched a few ben shapiro videos and he seems really smart and like a really strong debater He has also been critical of the more violent aspects of the alt right I would like him to come to this school and to speak here How can liberals work with Tufts Repubs and rally to get more smart conservative thinkers to come speak here. I can t tell what news to believe anymore I feel like so much mainstream media is unreliable And no I m not an alt righter But CNN is clearly a bunch of BS just as MSNBC and Fox News are Even minutes feels unreliable sometimes. Goddamn people victimize themselves so much at this school I m not trying to make another rant about the whiny privileged liberal arts students but really take a step back and a deep breath and remind yourself that you are defined by your own actions and your own mentality Complaining about other people s behaviors can only do so much Just my two cents. I live in miller and I think a girl is stalking me any advice. Posts like make me feel like some people want to be seen as the victim like they should get special treatment or something I m a PoC too and idk what classes you re taking where you live but I haven t experienced any of that here at Tufts Sometimes I move aside for people on the sidewalk sometimes they move aside for me When I More feel like talking in class I talk and feel included in the discussion Sometimes I let others take the lead they don t dominate the discussion they just have more to say than I do and I m happy to listen And no one glares at me when I study in common areas though I do get a few glances if ya know what I mean. You keep saying that I stole your significant other but your relationship ended months before I even met them. Shout out to all the cool peeps who go around and place pumpkins around campus the night before Halloween Love the holiday spirit. Everything and everyone I looked forward to about coming back to Tufts this year is gone or different and I m sad What s the point of being here without these relationships and experiences. It feels like everyone around me is either a double major or has a major and minors etc while I am just going to be a STEM major Sometimes I look really hard into taking classes I don t want to take just to finish requirements for a stupid minor that I am doing just to feel as competent as my friends classmates. Being from a place that maintains the same temperature year round this is the first year I get to experience fall I feel childish but I m constantly taken away with how beautiful all the leaves are and all the trees that survive in cold climates like the evergreens I think that s what they are outside of the campus center most trees were More I m from are oak and palm Yesterday I saw a chipmunk for the first time in my life and it was so cool to watch the little animal scamper I can t help but feel a little out of place with how much I m enjoying the seasonal change compared to everyone here who ve lived in areas that experience this kind of fall. How bad is it if I hook up with my CDA. I m a senior STEM major Looking back after taking a handful of sociology anthropology and community health classes I really wished I studied one of those disciplines instead Sure my major may seem more employable but I m just memorizing a bunch of systems and processes The other disciplines are really about application and breaking More systems My only hope is that I figure out some way to combine these interests in some grad school endeavor if how when that happens Advice especially to first second years out there take a chance and take a class that doesn t fit into your major Maybe it ll cause a major change or maybe it ll just open your mind to how your major can be interdisciplinary I wish I did it sooner. I have to say that as a person in Engineering I don t really understand why people think that the SOE shits on the SOAS On a daily basis I forget the the SOAS even exist. As a humanities person I feel like i m single handedly breaking into the fortress of science when I enter the SEC building like invading enemy territory in a game of capture the flag. Sammy Stolzenbach is the absolute cutest and every time I see her it makes my heart a little happier was upset to find out she s in a relationship Glad she s happy though. I have a major crush on maddie payne but I dont know what to do because she s my boss at the Daily. Sometimes I like to lay on the floor and pretend I m a carrot. To those who chew with their mouth open PLEASE don t Have some manners nobody wants to listen to the disgusting sound of your food in your mouth. My heart races every time I see Daniel Chan Lee those caramel streaks in his hair get me so turned on Whenever he s dancing on a table at a party I want to join him but I m just so nervous around him. To all Tufts girls If a guy hits on you and you re not interested please be honest him him Leading him on wastes both your and his time We boys appreciate honesty and we prefer honest people rather than dishonest girls who try to make us feel good Don t waste my time dammit Tell me you don t like me or something Don t be like More yeah I m busy tonight maybe next week If you do that without meaning it then fuck you This is aimed at girls because I m a straight dude but I it applies to anyone To the person I m writing about I know you read these secrets hope you change I expected more of you. I hate it when white girls appropriate African dancing. For the finance investing wizards If I begin investing a minimum of each year starting when I am and I receive a moderate return that approximately averages annually I will have more than million in invested assets by the time I am year time horizon right Is this accurate. I need to sober up. Even though we re all having our struggles I think more people remember that this place is filled with a bunch of brilliant and awesome people who will go on to do great things and that includes you Hope you have a great day. If George Behrakis were a Bernie bro he d be my Bernie bro lt. I never noticed how small I made myself when walking past white people before I would always be the one to open the path for them Now that I m aware of it I make whites move out of MY way instead of the other way around I feel so much more powerful now tbh. On a systemic level I understand that reverse racism doesn t exist But I don t fully understand the statement that you can t be racist against white people If an individual were to think that one race is superior to white people why would that not be racist Obviously given the society we live in this kind of racism prejudice More wouldn t result in any negative effect for white people and the attempt to center reverse racism as a common occurrence is racist and illogical I just don t get the argument I ve heard that it s categorically impossible for it to exist at all on an individual level and really want to understand this. I always get excited when I know I m about to fly somewhere Not because I like leaving Tufts or anything I just really like airports and planes and stuff. I discovered I was fiscally conservative junior year and now I m just going through the progressive motions. Just met the love of my life Paige Morss Most beautiful girl I ve ever meet What do I do. Fuck people who don t understand what fire codes are I hate ATO for throwing open parties they suck But they do it for all of you I m sorry if you got shit for trying to get in There is so much pressure from the administration to not fuck up because if they do there will be no more house. Sam Weaver is a great man So much love and respect for him Most caring person I have ever met. I love ATO As a privileged WASP I find it to be a great safe space As part of a pretty marginalized group on this campus it s nice to easily find people like me who love boating It s also chill to not have to try to separate myself from the sudra of this campus. I m the top student of the freshman class at the most exclusive safety school in the world Tufts University It s sad that others aren t bless with my beauty my talent my humble attitude People call me a star but I m just Giselle. I feel like of things will happen by the end of this semester my GPA will drop to a my partner and I will separate my death will occur accident or otherwise. Alison Qiang is actually the prettiest girl on campus. I ve been thinking a lot about how my friendship with Shantel Bartolome has grown this year and I recommend to everyone to get to know her She is one of the most hard working people I know and can handle whatever life throws at her while having a beautiful smile on her face Thank you for all the love and energy you give off and I hope you know how far you re going to go in life. So my roommate goes to bed much later than me which is fine except that he usually leaves the light on I don t know if any of you have ever tried to sleep with your bedroom lights on but it sucks Ive been dealing with this for the semester and havent complained but yesterday he was on a skype call with a friend from high school till legit am Like bruh so yeah long story short I got hours of sleep before my am class this morning and I dont see it getting any better RIP. I m an alum and still regularly order Pizza Days. Roses medford has the best pork fried rice in Massachusetts I also hooked up with the delivery man before. I waste too much time reading these But it s so entertaining. I think one of my best friends at Tufts is in love with me I hate it She treats me like I m supposed to comfort her the way a boyfriend would It makes me so uncomfortable and honestly kind of resent her. i am so hungover i can t move fml. I m experiencing love and I never thought I would feel this again. It s not okay to claim that you want to fight for the poor but use inaccessible language in your explanations I have trouble reading some of the arguments for communism or whatever on here and I m working on a college degree No knowledge is revolutionary if it isn t accessible to the people who need to know it most. This semester has been really strange for me socially speaking I ve always known I was more introverted than most but I ve always been one speak up if the need arises Over the last few weeks though I ve moved further and further away from being comfortable with that I notice myself withdrawing more into myself lately and I don t know More what to make of it Lack of confidence or lack of energy or lack of desire to socialize I don t know Even writing on here is awkward for me but I felt that if I wrote about it I could think more clearly on why this may be the case Thanks. ATO thinks they re better than everyone else when they re still just as classist racist and fucked up as every other frat They re complicit if not active in creating a place where sexual violence can occur and just because you have some token people of color doesn t make you any better. People who leave their Voice s prospies to go out partying are the worst type of people You re supposed to be the bridge between this kid and Tufts and you re leaving them in your dorm while you go out partying and come back shit faced Why would anyone want to go to a school where they were made to feel lonely and abandoned on the day More where Tufts brings them out and gives them the opportunity to see what its like to be a Tufts student Passing them off to someone else is not acceptable either Just don t sign up to host a prospie if you re going to go out and rethink your priorities. I wish I was more outgoing and an extrovert If I was I could have my squad by now and I would know what to do at social events. Petrina Chan is incredibly talented Have you seen her pictures The amount of artistry in them is quite impressive Her amazing talent is matched by her amazing personality but that means not many people know her drawings Check them out if you have the chance. Am I the only one who thinks the girls in the class of are in general way hotter than previous years Like damnnnnnnnn. The tall black Comp TA is sooo helpful and so freaking hot And his accent omg Like just pull back my hair and do naughty things to meee while dirty talking to me in that accent. I like this guy He s super cool and cute and we ve got a great thing going but I cant help wondering what the point of getting involved is when I might be moving somewhere else and they d still be in school. Scott Fitchen is cute and I wish I could talk to him But I m still in the closet. When I was in th grade I wrote a rhyming acrostic poem for a girl I had a crush on She was in a relationship at the time I meant to send it to her anonymously but did not realize my email address had my name attached to it Kill me now. Any seniors who have been dating since freshman year What s next for you. I m super excited for the debate tomorrow because it s crazy to me that there are actually Republicans at this school who out themselves as Republicans not anonymously on this page Are they actually gonna show up. The person I loved for the last couple of years ended up being really shallow and selfish so tbh I m okay with being alone for a little while. I ve had a really rough time with a history of some really shitty mental illness going on But today I feel okay and Tufts that s a lot thanks to you guys I ve finally found a family. Hannah Uebele from the class of seems like such a wholesome and genuine person not to mention her being smart and cool I really want to get to know her but I just can t open my mouth when I see her irl. I could never be a cop because if someone vandalized something using googly eyes there is no way I could ticket them without having an ear to ear grin of approval of such vandalism and then inviting them to get a beer. I think Harper Hopkins is a beautiful and incredibly smart person and I really want to get to know her better. People stop being so afraid to ask people out I know it s so intimidating but you have feelings and that means they re not just going to go away If you re getting good vibes from the other person just go for it It s better to try than to live in the unknown and waste your time fantasizing about this person if they don t like you back More On the other hand if you re getting asked out and aren t feeling it please be nice about rejecting them I once asked a guy out and got rejected in the sweetest way possible which made me more confident in putting myself out there Good luck lt. To be fair you have to have a very high IQ to understand liberal arts majors The knowledge is extremely subtle and without a solid grasp of theoretical Social Justice most of the definitions will go over a typical engineering student s head There s also Steven Colbert s nihilistic outlook which is deftly woven into his characterisation More his personal philosophy draws heavily from Black Lives Matter and Justice for Palestine literature for instance The social justice majors understand this stuff they have the intellectual capacity to truly appreciate the depths of these discussions to realise that they re not just insightful they say something deep about LIFE As a More. My secret crush whom I ve been crushing on since sophomore year gave me blue balls by punching them too hard. Sexually attracted to the grilled cheese at dewick. I haven t had a crush on a girl in awhile The last one was this girl at Jumbo Days and she was down to earth with a sort of poet coffee shop vibe that I found beautiful I was brave enough to talk to her but never friended her on Facebook and just hoped that I would see her when I decided to come to Tufts I think she chose to go to a different college because I haven t seen her since. As a walk on I have less respect for recruited athletes here because many of them would not have been accepted here if it weren t for sports. I have a crush on a girl in my orgo class and I don t really know her so I just stare at the back of her head during lecture sometimes and hope she ll turn around and look at me. I m worried I ll never get to be in a relationship because I ve been single for so long that I can t see myself as being a boyfriend. They are basically perfect but taken I feel really stuck because there isn t anything ethically sound I can do to become closer to them in the way I really want It s not a good feeling Here s to wanting what you can t have I guess. Me at Yume Wo Katare My dream is some generic dream about romance or travel Me really My dream is to personally thank Tyler Droll and Brooks Buffington for creating Yik Yak as the social media platform where betelnut awareness activism on the eastern seaboard began so that from Port Moresby to Lae to Vanimo to Medford we may all have More sidewalks so clean and free of buai pekpek we will spontaneously start dancing on them The dance in question is the chicken dance so people go PEK PEK PEK PEK. Roommate walked in and I frantically X d out of my browser He probably thought I was looking at porn but really I was listening to smooth jazz and I didn t want him to know I like smooth jazz. As someone with depression some days it is really hard to just keep up with what life throws at you I know everyone says that they are here to talk when it gets bad but how does that help the feeling of being a burden especially when you are having a bad day everyday. You can literally count the number of black engineers at tufts on your hands and toes Now if that isn t a Tufts Secret idk what is http admissions tufts edu life at tufts diversity diversity data. It feels like my ex girlfriend has tried to invade my life constantly after i broke up with her She inserts herself into situations that involve me and my interests and has told others she s doing it to spite me These things don t have a profound impact on me but I don t want to talk to her to tell her to stop because then I feel like her mental gymnastics would take that as a sign of me validatig her behavior as an acceptable form of keeping me in her life I just wish she d move on. Was having a wank and my roommate walked in so I flipped over and pretended to be taking a nap Once he left I checked my phone and found out I slept through class FUUUUUUUUUCK. Without naming names the Spanish TA I was talking about was the one with the Hogwarts shirt. I wish that I could have more sex with my significant other. In th grade I really liked this guy in my biology class and didn t know how to tell him so on Valentine s Day we were dissecting frogs and I thought it was a cute idea if I gave him my frog s heart as a Valentine s Day present and I wrapped it up in tissue paper and everything and to this day I have yet to do something as crazy for love to top that. I have an annoying highschool style crush on someone Too bad there is literally no intersection of mine and their social life anymore So apart from being forward af I don t see any option Any and all help is appreciated thanks. My best friend back home told me this morning that she feels guilty when she eats and that she doesn t do it so she doesn t feel guilty She said she mostly eats when she goes home which is like every other weekend I think my best friend could be developing an eating disorder and idk what to do I also don t want to tell me friends here because I don t want to burden them but I m very worried and stressed and concerned and I love my best friend very much. I feel that all the men at Tufts are only attracted to Caucasian women. With all this discussion of wealth inequality I feel it important to point out that most of us don t resent others for having a rich family or sporting luxurious goods As for me what I resent is a system that perpetuates extreme wealth inequality and nepotism Personal feelings aside there s no denying the fact that a shocking amount of More students at this school have families that can afford to pay more tuition than my single mother makes in years or the fact that wealth is about more than just sporting a Moncler with wealth also comes connections and SAT prep classes and the ability to take an unpaid internship in NYC without having to worry about finding a job to support yourself and your family With wealth comes deciding between a Cartier or Rolex instead of being forced to decide between rent or healthcare So please leave your pity and guilt out of this. My friends literally never respond to me then when I go sit down to masturbate all of the sudden my phone starts blowing up left and right What gives. This discourse about rich guilt is ridiculous You re going to leave tufts in years and still have all that money You will leave tufts with a safety net You are getting an education at this institution because it s just what people do in your life while first gen amp low income students have had to fight every single day in their More lives to make it here It s astounding to me that I ve worked as hard as I did to get here and I still have to listen to this bullshit Wake the fuck up If the worst thing you go through in life is feeling a little guilty for being like super rich your life is wonderful This is not about being bitter towards rich people I don t hate you I just want you to have an OUNCE of self awareness and if that s too difficult for you just shut the fuck up. CW sexual assault I was sexually assaulted several times in elementary school For half my life I have been battling with guilt and praying for forgiveness over what happened Triggers were everywhere but I couldn t understand them so when I learned to break down only where no one could see me and to cry silently I learned to More hold myself together and bear my pain silently I wanted more than anything to forget what happened and my greatest fear growing up was that someone else would find out Over the past year I ve been slowly making progress I m beginning to face what happened and mentally I can now understand that what happened wasn t my fault but I still haven t gotten to that point emotionally yet I ve finally been able to tell the people closest to me what happened and they ve been extremely kind Please don t take the word triggered lightly It may be funny or trendy to you but for me and for many others they re the pathway to reliving the most painful moments of my life and can lead to a depressive anxiety spiral. Biggest reason for feeling alone on this campus I get faster replies from teachers than from my own friends Whether it is to hang out finish a project plan a rehearsal or anything else students on this campus lack the ability to communicate I swear I wait hours and many times I don t even get a response until too late. I have a choice of either getting a Rolex or Cartier watch as a college graduation gift or spending about six weeks traveling to Europe China and Australia I am not sure which to choose I have a nice watch but not a Rolex or anything and I have been to Europe but that was five years ago Which would you prefer and why. 